1 Lao Tzu has the quote : Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing.
2 Buddha has the quote : Work out your own salvation. Do not depend on others.
3 Larry Elder has the quote : A goal without a plan is just a wish.
4 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : Difficulties increase the nearer we get to the goal.
5 Benjamin Franklin has the quote : Well done is better than well said.
6 Christopher Reeve has the quote : Once you choose hope, anythings possible.
7 unknown has the quote : From small beginnings come great things.
8 John Lennon has the quote : Love is the flower you've got to let grow.
9 Publilius Syrus has the quote : A rolling stone gathers no moss.
10 Ella Williams has the quote : Bite off more than you can chew, then chew it.
11 Brian Tracy has the quote : Goals are the fuel in the furnace of achievement.
12 Yogi Berra has the quote : You can observe a lot just by watching.
13 unknown has the quote : The day is already blessed, find peace within it.
14 Aristotle has the quote : Well begun is half done.
15 Carl Sandburg has the quote : Nothing happens unless first we dream.
16 Lao Tzu has the quote : To lead people walk behind them.
17 Chinese proverb has the quote : Talk doesn't cook rice.
18 Wayne Dyer has the quote : You'll see it when you believe it.
19 Dalai Lama has the quote : Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
20 Michael Korda has the quote : To succeed, we must first believe that we can.
21 Charles Kettering has the quote : One fails forward toward success.
22 Confucius has the quote : Study the past, if you would divine the future.
23 Haddon Robinson has the quote : What worries you masters you.
24 Benjamin Franklin has the quote : One today is worth two tomorrows.
25 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : The best teacher is experience learned from failures.
26 Margaret Sangster has the quote : Self-complacency is fatal to progress.
27 Iris Murdoch has the quote : We can only learn to love by loving.
28 James Lowell has the quote : A weed is no more than a flower in disguise.
29 Henry J. Kaiser has the quote : Trouble is only opportunity in work clothes.
30 Chinese proverb has the quote : Learning is a treasure that will follow its owner everywhere
31 Murray Gell-Mann has the quote : Think how hard physics would be if particles could think.
32 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Don't wait. The time will never be just right.
33 Albert Einstein has the quote : God always takes the simplest way.
34 Harriet Beecher Stowe has the quote : All serious daring starts from within.
35 Abraham Lincoln has the quote : A house divided against itself cannot stand.
36 Buddha has the quote : Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without.
37 Socrates has the quote : Be as you wish to seem.
38 Yogi Berra has the quote : Life is a learning experience, only if you learn.
39 Thomas Edison has the quote : Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
40 unknown has the quote : Today is the tomorrow we worried about yesterday.
41 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : What you give is what you get.
42 Karen Clark has the quote : Life is change. Growth is optional. Choose wisely.
43 Charles Kettering has the quote : One fails forward toward success.
44 Pearl Buck has the quote : One faces the future with ones past.
45 Leonardo da Vinci has the quote : Who sows virtue reaps honour.
46 Pericles has the quote : Time is the wisest counsellor of all.
47 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Fate is in your hands and no one elses
48 Lao Tzu has the quote : Be the chief but never the lord.
49 unknown has the quote : It's easier to see the mistakes on someone else's paper.
50 Donald Trump has the quote : Everything in life is luck.
51 Socrates has the quote : Be as you wish to seem.
52 Yoda has the quote : Do, or do not. There is no try.
53 Napoleon Hill has the quote : You give before you get.
54 unknown has the quote : Every man dies. Not every man really lives.
55 Albert Einstein has the quote : Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow.
56 Baltasar Gracian has the quote : Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit.
57 William Shakespeare has the quote : Having nothing, nothing can he lose.
58 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Ideas are the beginning points of all fortunes.
59 Benjamin Spock has the quote : Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.
60 V. Naipaul has the quote : The world is always in movement.
61 John Wooden has the quote : Never mistake activity for achievement.
62 Socrates has the quote : Wisdom begins in wonder.
63 Sigmund Freud has the quote : From error to error one discovers the entire truth.
64 Buddha has the quote : He is able who thinks he is able.
65 Albert Einstein has the quote : I never think of the future. It comes soon enough.
66 Sophocles has the quote : Wisdom is the supreme part of happiness.
67 Winston Churchill has the quote : Courage is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm.
68 Aristotle has the quote : Change in all things is sweet.
69 African proverb has the quote : When deeds speak, words are nothing.
70 Abraham Lincoln has the quote : Important principles may, and must, be inflexible.
71 Eleanor Roosevelt has the quote : No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
72 Ralph Emerson has the quote : The years teach much which the days never know.
73 Sun Tzu has the quote : You have to believe in yourself.
74 unknown has the quote : Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
75 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : Character develops itself in the stream of life.
76 Richard Evans has the quote : The undertaking of a new action brings new strength.
77 Maya Angelou has the quote : I believe that every person is born with talent.
78 Lao Tzu has the quote : Anticipate the difficult by managing the easy.
79 Buddha has the quote : What we think, we become.
80 Sophocles has the quote : A short saying often contains much wisdom.
81 Buddha has the quote : It is better to travel well than to arrive.
82 Maya Angelou has the quote : I believe that every person is born with talent.
83 unknown has the quote : Friendship isn't a big thing. It's a million little things.
84 Wayne Dyer has the quote : I think and that is all that I am.
85 Publilius Syrus has the quote : While we stop to think, we often miss our opportunity.
86 unknown has the quote : Don't be pushed by your problems; be led by your dreams.
87 Lord Herbert has the quote : The shortest answer is doing.
88 A. Powell Davies has the quote : Life is just a chance to grow a soul.
89 Friedrich von Schiller has the quote : Keep true to the dreams of thy youth.
90 Thich Nhat Hanh has the quote : Smile, breathe, and go slowly.
91 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : If you cannot be silent be brilliant and thoughtful.
92 unknown has the quote : The harder you fall, the higher you bounce.
93 unknown has the quote : Everyone smiles in the same language.
94 William Shakespeare has the quote : Speak low, if you speak love.
95 Thich Nhat Hanh has the quote : There is no way to happiness, happiness is the way.
96 Aristotle has the quote : Well begun is half done.
97 Thomas Fuller has the quote : No garden is without its weeds.
98 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : What you fear is that which requires action to overcome.
99 Chinese proverb has the quote : Talk doesn't cook rice.
100 Princess Diana has the quote : Only do what your heart tells you.
101 Ellen Gilchrist has the quote : Don't ruin the present with the ruined past.
102 unknown has the quote : We do what we do because we believe.
103 Anne Wilson Schaef has the quote : Trusting our intuition often saves us from disaster.
104 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Real magic in relationships means an absence of judgement of others.
105 Ralph Emerson has the quote : The years teach much which the days never know.
106 unknown has the quote : A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.
107 Haddon Robinson has the quote : What worries you masters you.
108 Brian Tracy has the quote : Whatever we expect with confidence becomes our own self-fulfilling prophecy.
109 unknown has the quote : A beautiful thing is never perfect.
110 unknown has the quote : Change your thoughts, change your life!
111 Yogi Berra has the quote : You can observe a lot just by watching.
112 Immanuel Kant has the quote : Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.
113 Leo Tolstoy has the quote : The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.
114 unknown has the quote : A beautiful thing is never perfect.
115 Bo Jackson has the quote : Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.
116 Liberace has the quote : Nobody will believe in you unless you believe in yourself.
117 Leonardo da Vinci has the quote : All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions.
118 Sojourner Truth has the quote : Truth is powerful and it prevails.
119 American proverb has the quote : From little acorns mighty oaks do grow.
120 John Lennon has the quote : Reality leaves a lot to the imagination.
121 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Our intention creates our reality.
122 Albert Einstein has the quote : The only real valuable thing is intuition.
123 Sylvia Voirol has the quote : Rainbows apologize for angry skies.
124 Robert Heller has the quote : Never ignore a gut feeling, but never believe that it's enough.
125 unknown has the quote : A beautiful thing is never perfect.
126 Wit has the quote : We choose our destiny in the way we treat others.
127 Virgil has the quote : Fortune favours the brave.
128 Mike Ditka has the quote : You're never a loser until you quit trying.
129 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Our distrust is very expensive.
130 unknown has the quote : It takes both sunshine and rain to make a rainbow.
131 Thomas Edison has the quote : Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
132 Madame de Stael has the quote : Society develops wit, but its contemplation alone forms genius.
133 Sun Tzu has the quote : You have to believe in yourself.
134 Oscar Wilde has the quote : Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.
135 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : Loss is nothing else but change,and change is Natures delight.
136 Helen Keller has the quote : Keep yourself to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadow.
137 Sophocles has the quote : A short saying often contains much wisdom.
138 Richard Bach has the quote : In order to win, you must expect to win.
139 Murray Gell-Mann has the quote : Think how hard physics would be if particles could think.
140 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : Great talent finds happiness in execution.
141 Iris Murdoch has the quote : We can only learn to love by loving.
142 Richard Bach has the quote : The simplest things are often the truest.
143 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Our intention creates our reality.
144 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : Character develops itself in the stream of life.
145 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : A really great talent finds its happiness in execution.
146 Pearl Buck has the quote : Growth itself contains the germ of happiness.
147 unknown has the quote : You can do what's reasonable or you can decide what's possible.
148 Confucius has the quote : The more you know yourself, the more you forgive yourself.
149 Usman Asif has the quote : Fear is a darkroom where negatives develop.
150 Seneca has the quote : The mind unlearns with difficulty what it has long learned.
151 Elbert Hubbard has the quote : There is no failure except in no longer trying.
152 Liberace has the quote : Nobody will believe in you unless you believe in yourself.
153 Christopher Reeve has the quote : Once you choose hope, anythings possible.
154 William Shakespeare has the quote : Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
155 Napoleon Hill has the quote : A goal is a dream with a deadline.
156 unknown has the quote : Every new day is another chance to change your life.
157 Seneca has the quote : No man was ever wise by chance.
158 Napoleon Hill has the quote : No alibi will save you from accepting the responsibility.
159 Gloria Steinem has the quote : If the shoe doesn't fit, must we change the foot?
160 Victor Hugo has the quote : Life is the flower for which love is the honey.
161 Napoleon Hill has the quote : No alibi will save you from accepting the responsibility.
162 John Lennon has the quote : Reality leaves a lot to the imagination.
163 Napoleon Hill has the quote : You can do it if you believe you can!
164 Voltaire has the quote : No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.
165 Joseph Stalin has the quote : I believe in one thing only, the power of human will.
166 Napoleon Hill has the quote : You can do it if you believe you can!
167 unknown has the quote : It's easier to see the mistakes on someone else's paper.
168 Confucius has the quote : Silence is a true friend who never betrays.
169 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Good luck is another name for tenacity of purpose.
170 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : Each day provides its own gifts.
171 Bernard Shaw has the quote : Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
172 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Happiness is found in doing, not merely possessing.
173 Confucius has the quote : The more you know yourself, the more you forgive yourself.
174 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : Mountains cannot be surmounted except by winding paths.
175 Thich Nhat Hanh has the quote : May our hearts garden of awakening bloom with hundreds of flowers.
176 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Skill to do comes of doing.
177 Napoleon Bonaparte has the quote : Victory belongs to the most persevering.
178 Michelangelo has the quote : Faith in oneself is the best and safest course.
179 unknown has the quote : The day is already blessed, find peace within it.
180 unknown has the quote : Some pursue happiness, others create it.
181 Aristotle has the quote : Well begun is half done.
182 Buddha has the quote : He is able who thinks he is able.
183 Walt Disney has the quote : If you can dream it, you can do it.
184 Gustave Flaubert has the quote : Reality does not conform to the ideal, but confirms it.
185 Richard Bach has the quote : To bring anything into your life, imagine that it's already there.
186 Epictetus has the quote : Freedom is the right to live as we wish.
187 unknown has the quote : The day always looks brighter from behind a smile.
188 Theophrastus has the quote : Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend.
189 Hugh Miller has the quote : Problems are only opportunities with thorns on them.
190 John Dryden has the quote : Fortune befriends the bold.
191 Richard Bach has the quote : Strong beliefs win strong men, and then make them stronger.
192 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Real magic in relationships means an absence of judgement of others.
193 Jon Kabat-Zinn has the quote : You can't stop the waves, but you can learn to surf.
194 Tony Robbins has the quote : Whatever happens, take responsibility.
195 German proverb has the quote : Begin to weave and God will give you the thread.
196 unknown has the quote : Someone remembers, someone cares; your name is whispered in someone's prayers.
197 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : Great talent finds happiness in execution.
198 Lao Tzu has the quote : He who talks more is sooner exhausted.
199 Buddha has the quote : Work out your own salvation. Do not depend on others.
200 Mahatma Gandhi has the quote : We must become the change we want to see.
201 Thich Nhat Hanh has the quote : Smile, breathe, and go slowly.
202 Toni Morrison has the quote : If you surrender to the wind, you can ride it.
203 Maya Angelou has the quote : I believe that every person is born with talent.
204 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : The best teacher is experience learned from failures.
205 Cullen Hightower has the quote : When performance exceeds ambition, the overlap is called success.
206 Seneca has the quote : Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.
207 Eleanor Roosevelt has the quote : Do one thing every day that scares you.
208 German proverb has the quote : Silence is a fence around wisdom.
209 Anais Nin has the quote : Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
210 Richard Bach has the quote : The simplest things are often the truest.
211 Richard Bach has the quote : Argue for your limitations, and sure enough theyre yours.
212 unknown has the quote : A stumble may prevent a fall.
213 Walt Disney has the quote : If you can dream it, you can do it.
214 Mahatma Gandhi has the quote : We must become the change we want to see.
215 Paulo Coelho has the quote : Write your plans in pencil and give God the eraser.
216 Bodhidharma has the quote : All know the way; few actually walk it.
217 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : Great talent finds happiness in execution.
218 John Pierrakos has the quote : Life is movement-we breathe, we eat, we walk, we move!
219 Charles Kettering has the quote : One fails forward toward success.
220 Richard Bach has the quote : Argue for your limitations, and sure enough theyre yours.
221 Dalai Lama has the quote : Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
222 Elizabeth Browning has the quote : Light tomorrow with today!
223 Napoleon Bonaparte has the quote : Victory belongs to the most persevering.
224 Sigmund Freud has the quote : From error to error one discovers the entire truth.
225 Madame de Stael has the quote : Society develops wit, but its contemplation alone forms genius.
226 Seneca has the quote : The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
227 Mary Bethune has the quote : Without faith, nothing is possible. With it, nothing is impossible.
228 Albert Einstein has the quote : Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them.
229 Napoleon Bonaparte has the quote : The truest wisdom is a resolute determination.
230 Cullen Hightower has the quote : When performance exceeds ambition, the overlap is called success.
231 William Shakespeare has the quote : He that is giddy thinks the world turns round.
232 Thich Nhat Hanh has the quote : Smile, breathe, and go slowly.
233 Carl Jung has the quote : Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes.
234 Chinese proverb has the quote : Talk doesn't cook rice.
235 Leonardo da Vinci has the quote : Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence.
236 Confucius has the quote : Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
237 Pablo Picasso has the quote : Everything you can imagine is real.
238 Plutarch has the quote : What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
239 Robert Frost has the quote : The best way out is always through.
240 Gustave Flaubert has the quote : Reality does not conform to the ideal, but confirms it.
241 Albert Camus has the quote : Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower.
242 William Arthur Ward has the quote : Do more than dream: work.
243 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : What you give is what you get.
244 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Someone is special only if you tell them.
245 Lao Tzu has the quote : He who is contented is rich.
246 unknown has the quote : Put your future in good hands  your own.
247 Turkish proverb has the quote : Kind words will unlock an iron door.
248 Buddha has the quote : Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace.
249 Albert Schweitzer has the quote : Do something wonderful, people may imitate it.
250 Lord Herbert has the quote : The shortest answer is doing.
251 Bernadette Devlin has the quote : Yesterday I dared to struggle. Today I dare to win.
252 Theophrastus has the quote : Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend.
253 Socrates has the quote : Be as you wish to seem.
254 Ralph Waldo Emerson has the quote : Our strength grows out of our weaknesses.
255 Abraham Lincoln has the quote : I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends.
256 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : Knowing is not enough; we must apply!
257 Pablo Picasso has the quote : Inspiration exists, but it has to find us working.
258 Thich Nhat Hanh has the quote : May our hearts garden of awakening bloom with hundreds of flowers.
259 William Shakespeare has the quote : He that is giddy thinks the world turns round.
260 Harriet Beecher Stowe has the quote : All serious daring starts from within.
261 Jonathan Kozol has the quote : Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win.
262 Benjamin Franklin has the quote : There never was a good knife made of bad steel.
263 Tony Robbins has the quote : The path to success is to take massive, determined action.
264 William R. Inge has the quote : Nature takes away any faculty that is not used.
265 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Fears are nothing more than a state of mind.
266 American proverb has the quote : From little acorns mighty oaks do grow.
267 Albert Einstein has the quote : Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them.
268 Frank Herbert has the quote : The beginning of knowledge is the discovery of something we do not understand.
269 Frank Herbert has the quote : The beginning of knowledge is the discovery of something we do not understand.
270 Man Ray has the quote : It has never been my object to record my dreams, just to realize them.
271 Chinese proverb has the quote : Talk doesn't cook rice.
272 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure.
273 Albert Einstein has the quote : Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving.
274 General Douglas MacArthur has the quote : It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it.
275 Horace has the quote : Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents, which in prosperous circumstances would have lain dormant.
276 unknown has the quote : Some people think it's holding that makes one strong  sometimes it's letting go.
277 William Saroyan has the quote : Good people are good because they've come to wisdom through failure. We get very little wisdom from success, you know.
278 Rumi has the quote : Something opens our wings. Something makes boredom and hurt disappear. Someone fills the cup in front of us: We taste only sacredness.
279 Charles Darwin has the quote : The highest stage in moral ure at which we can arrive is when we recognize that we ought to control our thoughts.
280 Sydney Smith has the quote : It is the greatest of all mistakes to do nothing because you can only do little  do what you can.
281 Washington Irving has the quote : Love is never lost. If not reciprocated, it will flow back and soften and purify the heart.
282 unknown has the quote : The real measure of your wealth is how much youd be worth if you lost all your money.
283 Ralph Emerson has the quote : If the stars should appear but one night every thousand years how man would marvel and adore.
284 Dalai Lama has the quote : I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe.
285 Bruce Lee has the quote : Notice that the stiffest tree is most easily cracked, while the bamboo or willow survives by bending with the wind.
286 Gloria Steinem has the quote : Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning.
287 John Muir has the quote : When one tugs at a single thing in nature, he finds it attached to the rest of the world.
288 Pablo Picasso has the quote : I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
289 James Lowell has the quote : A weed is no more than a flower in disguise.
290 Oprah Winfrey has the quote : Follow your instincts. That is where true wisdom manifests itself.
291 Blaise Pascal has the quote : The heart has its reasons which reason knows not of.
292 William Shakespeare has the quote : Be great in act, as you have been in thought.
293 William R. Inge has the quote : Nature takes away any faculty that is not used.
294 Lao Tzu has the quote : An ant on the move does more than a dozing ox
295 Confucius has the quote : The cautious seldom err.
296 Jean de la Fontaine has the quote : Sadness flies away on the wings of time.
297 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Life is a progress, and not a station.
298 Og Mandino has the quote : Each misfortune you encounter will carry in it the seed of tomorrows good luck.
299 A. A. Milne has the quote : One of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exciting discoveries.
300 Ken S. Keyes has the quote : To be upset over what you don't have is to waste what you do have.
301 Flora Whittemore has the quote : The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live.
302 unknown has the quote : Don't focus on making the right decision, focus on making the decision the right one.
303 Lin-yutang has the quote : I have done my best: that is about all the philosophy of living one needs.
304 unknown has the quote : We all have problems. The way we solve them is what makes us different.
305 Confucius has the quote : It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
306 unknown has the quote : Every day may not be good, but there's something good in every day.
307 Confucius has the quote : To study and not think is a waste. To think and not study is dangerous.
308 Lin-yutang has the quote : I have done my best: that is about all the philosophy of living one needs.
309 General Douglas MacArthur has the quote : It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it.
310 Bernard Shaw has the quote : A life spent making mistakes is not only more honourable but more useful than a life spent in doing nothing.
311 Naguib Mahfouz has the quote : You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions.
312 Dalai Lama has the quote : If we have a positive mental attitude, then even when surrounded by hostility, we shall not lack inner peace.
313 Hannah Arendt has the quote : Promises are the uniquely human way of ordering the future, making it predictable and reliable to the extent that this is humanly possible.
314 Eckhart Tolle has the quote : You cannot find yourself by going into the past. You can find yourself by coming into the present.
315 Sogyal Rinpoche has the quote : We must never forget that it is through our actions, words, and thoughts that we have a choice.
316 Eleanor Roosevelt has the quote : Friendship with oneself is all important because without it one cannot be friends with anybody else in the world.
317 Vince Lombardi has the quote : If you'll not settle for anything less than your best, you will be amazed at what you can accomplish in your lives.
318 Bruce Lee has the quote : Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it.
319 Lao Tzu has the quote : At the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want.
320 Paavo Nurmi has the quote : Mind is everything: muscle, pieces of rubber. All that I am, I am because of my mind.
321 Anne Frank has the quote : How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
322 John Astin has the quote : There are things so deep and complex that only intuition can reach it in our stage of development as human beings.
323 Nikola Tesla has the quote : Our virtues and our failings are inseparable, like force and matter. When they separate, man is no more.
324 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it.
325 Ovid has the quote : The cause is hidden. The effect is visible to all.
326 Gloria Steinem has the quote : If the shoe doesn't fit, must we change the foot?
327 unknown has the quote : Today is the tomorrow we worried about yesterday.
328 Honore de Balzac has the quote : When you doubt your power, you give power to your doubt.
329 Lao Tzu has the quote : The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
330 Albert Einstein has the quote : I never think of the future. It comes soon enough.
331 Jean de la Fontaine has the quote : Sadness flies away on the wings of time.
332 Seneca has the quote : If one does not know to which port is sailing, no wind is favorable.
333 Tony Robbins has the quote : Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers.
334 Louisa Alcott has the quote : I'm not afraid of storms, for Im learning how to sail my ship.
335 St. Augustine has the quote : Better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all.
336 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : In the end we retain from our studies only that which we practically apply.
337 Ralph Emerson has the quote : The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going.
338 Henry David Thoreau has the quote : I cannot make my days longer so I strive to make them better.
339 Chinese proverb has the quote : Tension is who you think you should be. Relaxation is who you are.
340 Kenneth Patton has the quote : We learn what we have said from those who listen to our speaking.
341 Buddha has the quote : You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger.
342 Buddha has the quote : If you light a lamp for somebody, it will also brighten your path.
343 unknown has the quote : Our greatest glory is not in never failing but rising everytime we fall.
344 Dalai Lama has the quote : By going beyond your own problems and taking care of others, you gain inner strength, self-confidence, courage, and a greater sense of calm.
345 John Wooden has the quote : You can't let praise or criticism get to you. It's a weakness to get caught up in either one.
346 Maureen Dowd has the quote : The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for.
347 Lao Tzu has the quote : Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning and which permeates all heaven.
348 Confucius has the quote : Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
349 Anne Bronte has the quote : All our talents increase in the using, and the every faculty, both good and bad, strengthen by exercise.
350 Richard Bach has the quote : In order to live free and happily you must sacrifice boredom. It is not always an easy sacrifice.
351 Louis Pasteur has the quote : Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity
352 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it.
353 Robert Fulghum has the quote : Peace is not something you wish for. It's something you make, something you do, something you are, and something you give away.
354 John Wooden has the quote : You can't let praise or criticism get to you. It's a weakness to get caught up in either one.
355 Buddha has the quote : In a controversy the instant we feel anger we have already ceased striving for the truth, and have begun striving for ourselves.
356 Buddha has the quote : Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind.
357 Anais Nin has the quote : Dreams pass into the reality of action. From the actions stems the dream again; and this interdependence produces the highest form of living.
358 Leo Aikman has the quote : Blessed is the person who is too busy to worry in the daytime, and too sleepy to worry at night.
359 Dalai Lama has the quote : By going beyond your own problems and taking care of others, you gain inner strength, self-confidence, courage, and a greater sense of calm.
360 Dalai Lama has the quote : People take different roads seeking fulfilment and happiness. Just because theyre not on your road doesn't mean they've gotten lost.
361 Thich Nhat Hanh has the quote : Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy.
362 Thich Nhat Hanh has the quote : By living deeply in the present moment we can understand the past better and we can prepare for a better future.
363 Buddha has the quote : The mind is everything. What you think you become.
364 Voltaire has the quote : To enjoy life, we must touch much of it lightly.
365 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : Mountains cannot be surmounted except by winding paths.
366 unknown has the quote : Worry gives a small thing a big shadow.
367 Mahatma Gandhi has the quote : We must become the change we want to see.
368 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Ideas are the beginning points of all fortunes.
369 unknown has the quote : Friendship isn't a big thing. It's a million little things.
370 Albert Einstein has the quote : The only real valuable thing is intuition.
371 Napoleon Bonaparte has the quote : Imagination rules the world.
372 Robert Frost has the quote : The best way out is always through.
373 Elizabeth Browning has the quote : Love doesn't make the world go round, love is what makes the ride worthwhile.
374 Thomas Edison has the quote : If we did the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves.
375 Seneca has the quote : Begin at once to live and count each separate day as a separate life.
376 Oprah Winfrey has the quote : I don't believe in failure. It is not failure if you enjoyed the process.
377 Confucius has the quote : Reviewing what you have learned and learning anew, you are fit to be a teacher.
378 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.
379 Voltaire has the quote : Think for yourselves and let others enjoy the privilege to do so too.
380 Arthur Conan Doyle has the quote : Whenever you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
381 Albert Schweitzer has the quote : One who gains strength by overcoming obstacles possesses the only strength which can overcome adversity.
382 Dalai Lama has the quote : More often than not, anger is actually an indication of weakness rather than of strength.
383 Pema Chodron has the quote : The truth you believe and cling to makes you unavailable to hear anything new.
384 unknown has the quote : Being right is highly overrated. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
385 Oprah Winfrey has the quote : If you want your life to be more rewarding, you have to change the way you think.
386 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Great are they who see that spiritual is stronger than any material force, that thoughts rule the world.
387 Immanuel Kant has the quote : All our knowledge begins with the senses, proceeds then to the understanding, and ends with reason. There is nothing higher than reason.
388 Robert Lynd has the quote : Any of us can achieve virtue, if by virtue we merely mean the avoidance of the vices that do not attract us.
389 Arthur Schopenhauer has the quote : Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world.
390 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : Everything that happens happens as it should, and if you observe carefully, you will find this to be so.
391 Eleanor Roosevelt has the quote : Friendship with oneself is all important because without it one cannot be friends with anybody else in the world.
392 Plato has the quote : Bodily exercise, when compulsory, does no harm to the body; but knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind.
393 Niels Bohr has the quote : How wonderful that we have met with a paradox. Now we have some hope of making progress.
394 Lao Tzu has the quote : Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning and which permeates all heaven.
395 Charles DeLint has the quote : The road leading to a goal does not separate you from the destination; it is essentially a part of it.
396 Buddha has the quote : There are only two mistakes one can make along the road to truth; not going all the way, and not starting.
397 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : Treat people as if they were what they ought to be and you help them to become what they are capable of being.
398 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : If you must tell me your opinions, tell me what you believe in. I have plenty of douts of my own.
399 Ben Stein has the quote : The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: decide what you want.
400 George Sheehan has the quote : Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be.
401 Maya Lin has the quote : To fly, we have to have resistance.
402 Napoleon Bonaparte has the quote : Imagination rules the world.
403 Blaise Pascal has the quote : Kind words do not cost much. Yet they accomplish much.
404 Richard Bach has the quote : In order to win, you must expect to win.
405 John Lennon has the quote : Time you enjoy wasting, was not wasted.
406 Horace Friess has the quote : All seasons are beautiful for the person who carries happiness within.
407 Carl Sandburg has the quote : Nothing happens unless first we dream.
408 Lewis B. Smedes has the quote : To forgive is to set a prisoner free and realize that prisoner was you.
409 Buddha has the quote : In separateness lies the world's great misery, in compassion lies the world's true strength.
410 Marie Curie has the quote : Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood.
411 Kahlil Gibran has the quote : A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle.
412 Augustinus Sanctus has the quote : The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.
413 Sigmund Freud has the quote : The most complicated achievements of thought are possible without the assistance of consciousness.
414 John De Paola has the quote : Slow down and everything you are chasing will come around and catch you.
415 Buddha has the quote : In separateness lies the world's great misery, in compassion lies the world's true strength.
416 unknown has the quote : To get something you never had, you have to do something you never did.
417 Confucius has the quote : What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others.
418 Ralph Waldo Emerson has the quote : It is only when the mind and character slumber that the dress can be seen.
419 Walter Lippmann has the quote : Ideals are an imaginative understanding of that which is desirable in that which is possible.
420 Jim Beggs has the quote : Before you put on a frown, make absolutely sure there are no smiles available.
421 Walter Lippmann has the quote : Ideals are an imaginative understanding of that which is desirable in that which is possible.
422 unknown has the quote : Letting go isnt the end of the world; its the beginning of a new life.
423 Louisa Alcott has the quote : I'm not afraid of storms, for Im learning how to sail my ship.
424 Lao Tzu has the quote : If you would take, you must first give, this is the beginning of intelligence.
425 Bruce Lee has the quote : If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.
426 Bruce Lee has the quote : If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.
427 Walt Emerson has the quote : What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
428 William Shakespeare has the quote : Be not afraid of greatness: some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.
429 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Do not waste yourself in rejection, nor bark against the bad, but chant the beauty of the good.
430 Charles Darwin has the quote : The highest stage in moral ure at which we can arrive is when we recognize that we ought to control our thoughts.
431 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Patience is a virtue but you will never ever accomplish anything if you don't exercise action over patience.
432 Tom Lehrer has the quote : Life is like a sewer. What you get out of it depends on what you put into it.
433 Anais Nin has the quote : The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery. There is always more mystery.
434 unknown has the quote : Life is not measured by the breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath.
435 William Penn has the quote : True silence is the rest of the mind; it is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment.
436 Tom Lehrer has the quote : Life is like a sewer. What you get out of it depends on what you put into it.
437 Rumi has the quote : Something opens our wings. Something makes boredom and hurt disappear. Someone fills the cup in front of us: We taste only sacredness.
438 Gloria Steinem has the quote : Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning.
439 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
440 unknown has the quote : Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.
441 Lucille Ball has the quote : Id rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not done.
442 Carl Jung has the quote : The shoe that fits one person pinches another; there is no recipe for living that suits all cases.
443 Nelson Mandela has the quote : There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered.
444 John Quincy Adams has the quote : If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
445 Confucius has the quote : When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
446 Johannes Gaertner has the quote : To speak gratitude is courteous and pleasant, to enact gratitude is generous and noble, but to live gratitude is to touch Heaven.
447 Charles Lamb has the quote : The greatest pleasure I know is to do a good action by stealth, and to have it found out by accident.
448 Barack Obama has the quote : If you're walking down the right path and you're willing to keep walking, eventually you'll make progress.
449 Ivy Baker Priest has the quote : The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be the beginning.
450 Wayne Dyer has the quote : There is no way to prosperity, prosperity is the way.
451 Anne Wilson Schaef has the quote : Trusting our intuition often saves us from disaster.
452 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : Each day provides its own gifts.
453 Seneca has the quote : Begin at once to live and count each separate day as a separate life.
454 unknown has the quote : Our greatest glory is not in never failing but rising everytime we fall.
455 Flora Whittemore has the quote : The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live.
456 Buddha has the quote : You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
457 Voltaire has the quote : Think for yourselves and let others enjoy the privilege to do so too.
458 Eden Phillpotts has the quote : The universe is full of magical things, patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.
459 Anthony Robbins has the quote : Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more
460 Buddha has the quote : The thought manifests as the word. The word manifests as the deed. The deed develops into habit. And the habit hardens into character.
461 unknown has the quote : As the rest of the world is walking out the door, your best friends are the ones walking in.
462 André Gide has the quote : One does not discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time.
463 Dalai Lama has the quote : Genuine love should first be directed at oneself  if we do not love ourselves, how can we love others?
464 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : People are so constituted that everybody would rather undertake what they see others do, whether they have an aptitude for it or not.
465 Wayne Dyer has the quote : What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds.
466 Thich Nhat Hanh has the quote : To be beautiful means to be yourself. You dont need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself.
467 Charlotte Gilman has the quote : Let us revere, let us worship, but erect and open-eyed, the highest, not the lowest; the future, not the past!
468 James Barrie has the quote : We never understand how little we need in this world until we know the loss of it.
469 Charles Schwab has the quote : Keeping a little ahead of conditions is one of the secrets of business, the trailer seldom goes far.
470 Robert Stevenson has the quote : To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life.
471 Wayne Dyer has the quote : What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds.
472 Doug Larson has the quote : Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk.
473 Ben Stein has the quote : The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: decide what you want.
474 Seneca has the quote : The conditions of conquest are always easy. We have but to toil awhile, endure awhile, believe always, and never turn back.
475 Chalmers has the quote : The grand essentials of happiness are: something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.
476 Tony Robbins has the quote : Whatever happens, take responsibility.
477 Buddha has the quote : It is better to travel well than to arrive.
478 unknown has the quote : Worry gives a small thing a big shadow.
479 Indira Gandhi has the quote : You can't shake hands with a clenched fist.
480 unknown has the quote : Don't be pushed by your problems; be led by your dreams.
481 Jason Fried has the quote : No is easier to do. Yes is easier to say.
482 Elbert Hubbard has the quote : To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.
483 Leo F. Buscaglia has the quote : Don't smother each other. No one can grow in the shade.
484 Haynes Bayly has the quote : Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
485 Eleanor Roosevelt has the quote : The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
486 Buddha has the quote : Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life.
487 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.
488 unknown has the quote : Being right is highly overrated. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
489 Napoleon Hill has the quote : When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve.
490 Buddha has the quote : Happiness comes when your work and words are of benefit to yourself and others.
491 Julius Charles Hare has the quote : Be what you are. This is the first step toward becoming better than you are.
492 Lewis B. Smedes has the quote : To forgive is to set a prisoner free and realize that prisoner was you.
493 Oprah Winfrey has the quote : I don't believe in failure. It is not failure if you enjoyed the process.
494 Arthur Conan Doyle has the quote : Whenever you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
495 Charlotte Bronte has the quote : Life is so constructed that an event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation.
496 Bruce Lee has the quote : If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.
497 Napoleon Hill has the quote : No man can succeed in a line of endeavor which he does not like.
498 Buddha has the quote : The way is not in the sky. The way is in the heart.
499 Thomas Hardy has the quote : Time changes everything except something within us which is always surprised by change.
500 Dalai Lama has the quote : I believe that we are fundamentally the same and have the same basic potential.
501 Confucius has the quote : I will not be concerned at other men is not knowing me;I will be concerned at my own want of ability.
502 John Quincy Adams has the quote : If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
503 Thomas Jefferson has the quote : I'm a great believer in luck and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it.
504 Thomas Carlyle has the quote : By nature man hates change; seldom will he quit his old home till it has actually fallen around his ears.
505 Jane Addams has the quote : Our doubts are traitors and make us lose the good we often might win, by fearing to attempt.
506 James Freeman Clarke has the quote : We are either progressing or retrograding all the while. There is no such thing as remaining stationary in this life.
507 Leonardo da Vinci has the quote : Iron rusts from disuse; water loses its purity from stagnation... even so does inaction sap the vigour of the mind.
508 Bruce Lee has the quote : Take no thought of who is right or wrong or who is better than. Be not for or against.
509 Arthur Rubinstein has the quote : Of course there is no formula for success except perhaps an unconditional acceptance of life and what it brings.
510 Henry Miller has the quote : The moment one gives close attention to anything, even a blade of grass, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself.
511 Sam Keen has the quote : We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
512 William Saroyan has the quote : Good people are good because they've come to wisdom through failure. We get very little wisdom from success, you know.
513 Aldous Huxley has the quote : Experience is not what happens to a man. It is what a man does with what happens to him.
514 Epictetus has the quote : Nature gave us one tongue and two ears so we could hear twice as much as we speak.
515 Oliver Holmes has the quote : What lies behind us and what lies before us are small matters compared to what lies within us.
516 Laurence J. Peter has the quote : There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought.
517 Georg Lichtenberg has the quote : Everyone is a genius at least once a year. A real genius has his original ideas closer together.
518 Christopher Morley has the quote : There is only one success  to be able to spend your life in your own way.
519 Albert Einstein has the quote : I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best both for the body and the mind.
520 Denis Waitley has the quote : There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them.
521 Ben Stein has the quote : The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: decide what you want.
522 Old German proverb has the quote : You have to take it as it happens, but you should try to make it happen the way you want to take it.
523 E. M. Forster has the quote : One must be fond of people and trust them if one is not to make a mess of life.
524 Barbara Baron has the quote : Don't wait for your feelings to change to take the action. Take the action and your feelings will change.
525 Charles DeLint has the quote : The road leading to a goal does not separate you from the destination; it is essentially a part of it.
526 unknown has the quote : Giving up doesn't always mean you are weak. Sometimes it means that you are strong enough to let go.
527 Pablo Picasso has the quote : I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
528 unknown has the quote : Never miss an opportunity to make others happy, even if you have to leave them alone in order to do it.
529 Leonardo da Vinci has the quote : All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions.
530 Confucius has the quote : Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
531 Publilius Syrus has the quote : I have often regretted my speech, never my silence.
532 George Patton has the quote : If a man does his best, what else is there?
533 H. W. Arnold has the quote : The worst bankrupt in the world is the person who has lost his enthusiasm.
534 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.
535 Voltaire has the quote : Think for yourselves and let others enjoy the privilege to do so too.
536 Dalai Lama has the quote : Love and compassion open our own inner life, reducing stress, distrust and loneliness.
537 H. Jackson Browne has the quote : Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is.
538 Les Brown has the quote : Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.
539 Wayne Dyer has the quote : You are important enough to ask and you are blessed enough to receive back.
540 Thomas Jefferson has the quote : Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.
541 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Your destiny isn't just fate; it is how you use your own developed abilities to get what you want.
542 unknown has the quote : It is better to take many small steps in the right direction than to make a great leap forward only to stumble backward.
543 Frank Crane has the quote : You may be deceived if you trust too much, but you will live in torment if you don't trust enough.
544 Vista Kelly has the quote : Snowflakes are one of natures most fragile things, but just look what they can do when they stick together.
545 Louis Pasteur has the quote : Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity
546 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Many people think of prosperity that concerns money only to forget that true prosperity is of the mind.
547 Mother Teresa has the quote : Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing.
548 Bruce Lee has the quote : Take things as they are. Punch when you have to punch. Kick when you have to kick.
549 unknown has the quote : A friend is someone who understands your past, believes in your future, and accepts you just the way you are.
550 Confucius has the quote : Being in humaneness is good. If we select other goodness and thus are far apart from humaneness, how can we be the wise?
551 Hannah Arendt has the quote : Promises are the uniquely human way of ordering the future, making it predictable and reliable to the extent that this is humanly possible.
552 Confucius has the quote : When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
553 Laurence J. Peter has the quote : There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought.
554 Thich Nhat Hanh has the quote : The most precious gift we can offer anyone is our attention. When mindfulness embraces those we love, they will bloom like flowers.
555 W. Clement Stone has the quote : No matter how carefully you plan your goals they will never be more that pipe dreams unless you pursue them with gusto.
556 Bruce Lee has the quote : Im not in this world to live up to your expectations and you're not in this world to live up to mine.
557 Honore de Balzac has the quote : When you doubt your power, you give power to your doubt.
558 Janis Joplin has the quote : Don't compromise yourself. You are all you've got.
559 Sophocles has the quote : A short saying oft contains much wisdom.
560 Friedrich von Schiller has the quote : Keep true to the dreams of thy youth.
561 Manuel Puig has the quote : I allow my intuition to lead my path.
562 Luisa Sigea has the quote : Blaze with the fire that is never extinguished.
563 Abraham Lincoln has the quote : I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends.
564 Ovid has the quote : All things change; nothing perishes.
565 Arthur Conan Doyle has the quote : Whenever you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
566 John Eliot has the quote : All the great performers I have worked with are fuelled by a personal dream.
567 William Yeats has the quote : Think as a wise man but communicate in the language of the people.
568 Epictetus has the quote : Practice yourself, for heavens sake in little things, and then proceed to greater.
569 Eleanor Roosevelt has the quote : I think somehow we learn who we really are and then live with that decision.
570 Og Mandino has the quote : Each misfortune you encounter will carry in it the seed of tomorrows good luck.
571 Mark Twain has the quote : A thing long expected takes the form of the unexpected when at last it comes.
572 unknown has the quote : Love is just a word until someone comes along and gives it meaning.
573 Dave Weinbaum has the quote : The secret to a rich life is to have more beginnings than endings.
574 Buddha has the quote : Your worst enemy cannot harm you as much as your own unguarded thoughts.
575 Helen Keller has the quote : Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world right in the eye.
576 Abraham Lincoln has the quote : You have to do your own growing no matter how tall your grandfather was.
577 unknown has the quote : Invent your world. Surround yourself with people, color, sounds, and work that nourish you.
578 Buckminster Fuller has the quote : There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly.
579 Anatole France has the quote : To accomplish great things, we must dream as well as act.
580 Edwin Chapin has the quote : Every action of our lives touches on some chord that will vibrate in eternity.
581 unknown has the quote : Love is just a word until someone comes along and gives it meaning.
582 Martin Fischer has the quote : Knowledge is a process of piling up facts; wisdom lies in their simplification.
583 Leonardo Ruiz has the quote : The only difference between your abilities and others is the ability to put yourself in their shoes and actually try.
584 Lao Tzu has the quote : The wise man does not lay up his own treasures. The more he gives to others, the more he has for his own.
585 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it.
586 Kathleen Norris has the quote : All that is necessary is to accept the impossible, do without the indispensable, and bear the intolerable.
587 Bruce Lee has the quote : Notice that the stiffest tree is most easily cracked, while the bamboo or willow survives by bending with the wind.
588 Alfred Sheinwold has the quote : Learn all you can from the mistakes of others. You won't have time to make them all yourself.
589 Sri Chinmoy has the quote : Judge nothing, you will be happy. Forgive everything, you will be happier. Love everything, you will be happiest.
590 Desiderius Erasmus has the quote : The fox has many tricks. The hedgehog has but one. But that is the best of all.
591 Oscar Wilde has the quote : The only thing to do with good advice is to pass it on. It is never of any use to oneself.
592 Dalai Lama has the quote : With the realization of ones own potential and self-confidence in ones ability, one can build a better world.
593 Anne Frank has the quote : We all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same.
594 unknown has the quote : It is better to take many small steps in the right direction than to make a great leap forward only to stumble backward.
595 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Sadness may be part of life but there is no need to let it dominate your entire life.
596 Tryon Edwards has the quote : He that never changes his opinions, never corrects his mistakes, and will never be wiser on the morrow than he is today.
597 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Patience is a virtue but you will never ever accomplish anything if you don't exercise action over patience.
598 Thomas Carlyle has the quote : By nature man hates change; seldom will he quit his old home till it has actually fallen around his ears.
599 G. K. Chesterton has the quote : I would maintain that thanks are the highest form of thought, and that gratitude is happiness doubled by wonder.
600 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : You can be what you want to be. You have the power within and we will help you always.
601 Jacob Braude has the quote : Consider how hard it is to change yourself and you'll understand what little chance you have in trying to change others.
602 Buddha has the quote : To live a pure unselfish life, one must count nothing as ones own in the midst of abundance.
603 Ralph Blum has the quote : Nothing is predestined: The obstacles of your past can become the gateways that lead to new beginnings.
604 Confucius has the quote : I am not bothered by the fact that I am unknown. I am bothered when I do not know others.
605 Oprah Winfrey has the quote : If you want your life to be more rewarding, you have to change the way you think.
606 Francis Bacon has the quote : A prudent question is one half of wisdom.
607 Epictetus has the quote : Difficulties are things that show a person what they are.
608 Epictetus has the quote : If you wish to be a writer, write.
609 Paulo Coelho has the quote : Write your plans in pencil and give God the eraser.
610 Mike Ditka has the quote : You're never a loser until you quit trying.
611 Michelangelo has the quote : There is no greater harm than that of time wasted.
612 Thich Nhat Hanh has the quote : May our hearts garden of awakening bloom with hundreds of flowers.
613 Pablo Picasso has the quote : Inspiration exists, but it has to find us working.
614 Brian Tracy has the quote : Goals are the fuel in the furnace of achievement.
615 Thomas Dewar has the quote : Minds are like parachutes. They only function when open.
616 Aristotle has the quote : Well begun is half done.
617 Mary Bethune has the quote : Without faith, nothing is possible. With it, nothing is impossible.
618 Nikos Kazantzakis has the quote : By believing passionately in something that does not yet exist, we create it.
619 unknown has the quote : Letting go isnt the end of the world; its the beginning of a new life.
620 Hannah More has the quote : It is not so important to know everything as to appreciate what we learn.
621 Anne Schaef has the quote : Life is a process. We are a process. The universe is a process.
622 Kenneth Patton has the quote : We learn what we have said from those who listen to our speaking.
623 Confucius has the quote : What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others.
624 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
625 Martin Fischer has the quote : Knowledge is a process of piling up facts; wisdom lies in their simplification.
626 Eckhart Tolle has the quote : It is not uncommon for people to spend their whole life waiting to start living.
627 Og Mandino has the quote : Each misfortune you encounter will carry in it the seed of tomorrows good luck.
628 Morris West has the quote : If you spend your whole life waiting for the storm, you'll never enjoy the sunshine.
629 Leon Blum has the quote : The free man is he who does not fear to go to the end of his thought.
630 Sam Keen has the quote : We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
631 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it.
632 Yogi Berra has the quote : You got to be careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there.
633 Ben Stein has the quote : The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: decide what you want.
634 Robert Anthony has the quote : Forget about all the reasons why something may not work. You only need to find one good reason why it will.
635 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Today, give a stranger a smile without waiting for it may be the joy they need to have a great day.
636 Ralph Emerson has the quote : It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them.
637 Abraham Lincoln has the quote : Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe.
638 Elizabeth Arden has the quote : I'm not interested in age. People who tell me their age are silly. You're as old as you feel.
639 Everett Dirksen has the quote : I am a man of fixed and unbending principles, the first of which is to be flexible at all times.
640 Oliver Holmes has the quote : A man may fulfil the object of his existence by asking a question he cannot answer, and attempting a task he cannot achieve.
641 Confucius has the quote : I am not bothered by the fact that I am unknown. I am bothered when I do not know others.
642 Danielle Ingrum has the quote : Give it all you've got because you never know if there's going to be a next time.
643 Saint Augustine has the quote : Patience is the companion of wisdom.
644 Pericles has the quote : Time is the wisest counsellor of all.
645 V. Naipaul has the quote : The world is always in movement.
646 Plato has the quote : A good decision is based on knowledge and not on numbers.
647 Albert Einstein has the quote : Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them.
648 unknown has the quote : Every man dies. Not every man really lives.
649 Frederick Douglass has the quote : If there is no struggle, there is no progress.
650 Richard Bach has the quote : Every problem has a gift for you in its hands.
651 Dalai Lama has the quote : I believe that we are fundamentally the same and have the same basic potential.
652 unknown has the quote : To get something you never had, you have to do something you never did.
653 Marie Curie has the quote : I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done.
654 Henri-Frederic Amiel has the quote : So long as a person is capable of self-renewal they are a living being.
655 Annie Dillard has the quote : How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives.
656 Winston Churchill has the quote : You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
657 Albert Schweitzer has the quote : We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.
658 Confucius has the quote : Reviewing what you have learned and learning anew, you are fit to be a teacher.
659 Confucius has the quote : The superior man is satisfied and composed; the mean man is always full of distress.
660 Donald Kircher has the quote : A man of ability and the desire to accomplish something can do anything.
661 Pema Chodron has the quote : The truth you believe and cling to makes you unavailable to hear anything new.
662 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Life is a succession of lessons, which must be lived to be understood.
663 John Astin has the quote : There are things so deep and complex that only intuition can reach it in our stage of development as human beings.
664 Elbert Hubbard has the quote : A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success.
665 unknown has the quote : Why worry about things you cant control when you can keep yourself busy controlling the things that depend on you?
666 Laozi has the quote : When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you.
667 George Sheehan has the quote : Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be.
668 Antoine de Saint-Exupery has the quote : It is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye.
669 Louise Hay has the quote : The thoughts we choose to think are the tools we use to paint the canvas of our lives.
670 W. Clement Stone has the quote : No matter how carefully you plan your goals they will never be more that pipe dreams unless you pursue them with gusto.
671 M. Scott Peck has the quote : Until you value yourself, you won't value your time. Until you value your time, you won't do anything with it.
672 William Penn has the quote : True silence is the rest of the mind; it is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment.
673 Sai Baba has the quote : What is new in the world? Nothing. What is old in the world? Nothing. Everything has always been and will always be.
674 Alfred Sheinwold has the quote : Learn all you can from the mistakes of others. You won't have time to make them all yourself.
675 unknown has the quote : The real measure of your wealth is how much youd be worth if you lost all your money.
676 Yogi Berra has the quote : You got to be careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there.
677 Eckhart Tolle has the quote : The past has no power to stop you from being present now. Only your grievance about the past can do that.
678 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.
679 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Do not waste yourself in rejection, nor bark against the bad, but chant the beauty of the good.
680 Helen Keller has the quote : The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart.
681 William Ward has the quote : When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves.
682 Vernon Cooper has the quote : These days people seek knowledge, not wisdom. Knowledge is of the past, wisdom is of the future.
683 Publilius Syrus has the quote : Better be ignorant of a matter than half know it.
684 Lao Tzu has the quote : Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing.
685 Peter Drucker has the quote : Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things.
686 Paulo Coelho has the quote : Write your plans in pencil and give God the eraser.
687 Lao Tzu has the quote : He who talks more is sooner exhausted.
688 Babe Ruth has the quote : Yesterdays home runs don't win today's games.
689 Wayne Dyer has the quote : There is no way to prosperity, prosperity is the way.
690 Willa Cather has the quote : Where there is great love, there are always miracles.
691 Thich Nhat Hanh has the quote : May our hearts garden of awakening bloom with hundreds of flowers.
692 Tony Robbins has the quote : Whatever happens, take responsibility.
693 Eleanor Roosevelt has the quote : No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
694 Mahatma Gandhi has the quote : Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.
695 John Berry has the quote : The bird of paradise alights only upon the hand that does not grasp.
696 Winston Churchill has the quote : Short words are best and the old words when short are best of all.
697 Thomas Edison has the quote : Opportunity is missed by most because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
698 Calvin Coolidge has the quote : We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once.
699 Buddha has the quote : Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth.
700 Andy Warhol has the quote : They say that time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.
701 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : Never apologize for showing feelings. When you do so, you apologize for the truth.
702 Franklin Roosevelt has the quote : The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
703 Lewis B. Smedes has the quote : To forgive is to set a prisoner free and realize that prisoner was you.
704 John Ruskin has the quote : Quality is never an accident; it is always the result of intelligent effort.
705 Charles Dickens has the quote : Don't leave a stone unturned. It's always something, to know you have done the most you could.
706 Henry Moore has the quote : There is no retirement for an artist, it's your way of living so there is no end to it.
707 Epictetus has the quote : Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens.
708 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Everyone can taste success when the going is easy, but few know how to taste victory when times get tough.
709 Henry Moore has the quote : There is no retirement for an artist, it's your way of living so there is no end to it.
710 Donald Trump has the quote : Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.
711 Mary Kay Ash has the quote : Aerodynamically the bumblebee shouldn't be able to fly, but the bumblebee doesn't know that so it goes on flying anyway.
712 Lloyd Jones has the quote : Those who try to do something and fail are infinitely better than those who try nothing and succeed.
713 unknown has the quote : Why compare yourself with others? No one in the entire world can do a better job of being you than you.
714 Margaret Runbeck has the quote : Silences make the real conversations between friends. Not the saying but the never needing to say is what counts.
715 Ovid has the quote : Chance is always powerful. Let your hook be always cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish.
716 Everett Dirksen has the quote : I am a man of fixed and unbending principles, the first of which is to be flexible at all times.
717 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul; the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
718 Pablo Picasso has the quote : He can who thinks he can, and he can't who thinks he can't. This is an inexorable, indisputable law.
719 unknown has the quote : What you see depends on what you're looking for.
720 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
721 Christopher Reeve has the quote : Once you choose hope, anythings possible.
722 Anne Frank has the quote : How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
723 Yoda has the quote : Do, or do not. There is no try.
724 Confucius has the quote : To be wrong is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
725 Carlyle has the quote : Silence is deep as Eternity, Speech is shallow as Time.
726 John Dryden has the quote : Fortune befriends the bold.
727 unknown has the quote : Don't be pushed by your problems; be led by your dreams.
728 unknown has the quote : Be thankful when you don't know something for it gives you the opportunity to learn.
729 Edward Gibbon has the quote : The winds and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators.
730 Lawrence Peter has the quote : If you don't know where you are going, you will probably end up somewhere else.
731 Maya Angelou has the quote : If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.
732 Marie Curie has the quote : Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood.
733 Henry Ford has the quote : If you think you can, you can. And if you think you can't, you're right.
734 Richard Bach has the quote : The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it.
735 Lily Tomlin has the quote : I always wanted to be somebody, but I should have been more specific.
736 John Adams has the quote : Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish.
737 Wayne Dyer has the quote : If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.
738 Horace has the quote : Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents, which in prosperous circumstances would have lain dormant.
739 Abraham Lincoln has the quote : Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.
740 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Everything is perfect in the universe  even your desire to improve it.
741 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Transformation doesn't take place with a vacuum; instead, it occurs when we are indirectly and directly connected to all those around us.
742 John Astin has the quote : There are things so deep and complex that only intuition can reach it in our stage of development as human beings.
743 Marcel Proust has the quote : Let us be grateful to people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
744 Robert McKain has the quote : The reason most goals are not achieved is that we spend our time doing second things first.
745 Leonardo da Vinci has the quote : Iron rusts from disuse; water loses its purity from stagnation... even so does inaction sap the vigour of the mind.
746 Henry Van Dyke has the quote : Be glad of life because it gives you the chance to love, to work, to play, and to look up at the stars.
747 Alan Cohen has the quote : Appreciation is the highest form of prayer, for it acknowledges the presence of good wherever you shine the light of your thankful thoughts.
748 Marian Edelman has the quote : You're not obligated to win. You're obligated to keep trying to do the best you can every day.
749 Sue Patton Thoele has the quote : Deep listening is miraculous for both listener and speaker.When someone receives us with open-hearted, non-judging, intensely interested listening, our spirits expand.
750 William Penn has the quote : True silence is the rest of the mind; it is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment.
751 Ralph Emerson has the quote : If the single man plant himself indomitably on his instincts, and there abide, the huge world will come round to him.
752 Confucius has the quote : When you see a man of worth, think of how you may emulate him. When you see one who is unworthy, examine yourself.
753 Honore de Balzac has the quote : The smallest flower is a thought, a life answering to some feature of the Great Whole, of whom they have a persistent intuition.
754 Jacob Braude has the quote : Consider how hard it is to change yourself and you'll understand what little chance you have in trying to change others.
755 Dalai Lama has the quote : The key to transforming our hearts and minds is to have an understanding of how our thoughts and emotions work.
756 Buddha has the quote : To keep the body in good health is a duty... otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.
757 Henry Van Dyke has the quote : Be glad of life because it gives you the chance to love, to work, to play, and to look up at the stars.
758 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : To give hope to someone occurs when you teach them how to use the tools to do it for themselves.
759 Dalai Lama has the quote : People take different roads seeking fulfilment and happiness. Just because theyre not on your road doesn't mean they've gotten lost.
760 Michael Jordan has the quote : If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome.
761 Confucius has the quote : The more you know yourself, the more you forgive yourself.
762 Seneca has the quote : The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
763 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : The secret of success is constancy to purpose.
764 Lauren Bacall has the quote : Imagination is the highest kite one can fly.
765 Thomas Dewar has the quote : Minds are like parachutes. They only function when open.
766 J. Willard Marriott has the quote : Good timber does not grow with ease; the stronger the wind, the stronger the trees.
767 Edward Gibbon has the quote : The winds and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators.
768 Elizabeth Browning has the quote : Love doesn't make the world go round, love is what makes the ride worthwhile.
769 Ralph Waldo Emerson has the quote : It is only when the mind and character slumber that the dress can be seen.
770 Albert Einstein has the quote : Feeling and longing are the motive forces behind all human endeavor and human creations.
771 Buddha has the quote : The way is not in the sky. The way is in the heart.
772 Marquis Vauvenargues has the quote : Wicked people are always surprised to find ability in those that are good.
773 Robert Stevenson has the quote : Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant.
774 Edward Gibbon has the quote : The winds and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators.
775 Buddha has the quote : Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life.
776 Napoleon Hill has the quote : If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.
777 Isaac Asimov has the quote : A subtle thought that is in error may yet give rise to fruitful inquiry that can establish truths of great value.
778 Desiderius Erasmus has the quote : The fox has many tricks. The hedgehog has but one. But that is the best of all.
779 Dennis Kimbro has the quote : We see things not as they are, but as we are. Our perception is shaped by our previous experiences.
780 Aristotle has the quote : It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
781 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : If you must tell me your opinions, tell me what you believe in. I have plenty of douts of my own.
782 Barbara Baron has the quote : Don't wait for your feelings to change to take the action. Take the action and your feelings will change.
783 Richard Bach has the quote : You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past.
784 Lou Holtz has the quote : You were not born a winner, and you were not born a loser. You are what you make yourself be.
785 Thomas Carlyle has the quote : By nature man hates change; seldom will he quit his old home till it has actually fallen around his ears.
786 Leonardo Ruiz has the quote : The only difference between your abilities and others is the ability to put yourself in their shoes and actually try.
787 Thomas Edison has the quote : Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
788 Lucille Ball has the quote : Id rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not done.
789 Epictetus has the quote : He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has.
790 Socrates has the quote : The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be.
791 Anais Nin has the quote : Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
792 Confucius has the quote : Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
793 Jim Rohn has the quote : Either you run the day or the day runs you.
794 Jonas Salk has the quote : Intuition will tell the thinking mind where to look next.
795 Dr. Seuss has the quote : Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.
796 Thomas Jefferson has the quote : Never put off till tomorrow what you can do today.
797 unknown has the quote : Love is not blind; it simply enables one to see things others fail to see.
798 unknown has the quote : If you get up one more time than you fall, you will make it through.
799 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Everything is perfect in the universe  even your desire to improve it.
800 Eden Phillpotts has the quote : The universe is full of magical things, patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.
801 Buddha has the quote : If you light a lamp for somebody, it will also brighten your path.
802 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Give thanks for the rain of life that propels us to reach new horizons.
803 Leo Tolstoy has the quote : Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
804 John Lennon has the quote : Yeah we all shine on, like the moon, and the stars, and the sun.
805 Lao Tzu has the quote : If you correct your mind, the rest of your life will fall into place.
806 Abraham Lincoln has the quote : Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be
807 Ralph Waldo Emerson has the quote : It is only when the mind and character slumber that the dress can be seen.
808 Eleanor Roosevelt has the quote : The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
809 Havelock Ellis has the quote : It is on our failures that we base a new and different and better success.
810 unknown has the quote : To get something you never had, you have to do something you never did.
811 Og Mandino has the quote : I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.
812 Christopher Morley has the quote : There is only one success  to be able to spend your life in your own way.
813 Aldous Huxley has the quote : There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
814 Bruce Lee has the quote : A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer.
815 Aldous Huxley has the quote : There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
816 Hannah Arendt has the quote : Promises are the uniquely human way of ordering the future, making it predictable and reliable to the extent that this is humanly possible.
817 unknown has the quote : A good teacher is like a candle  it consumes itself to light the way for others.
818 Nelson Mandela has the quote : There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered.
819 Jessamyn West has the quote : It is very easy to forgive others their mistakes; it takes more grit to forgive them for having witnessed your own.
820 Marian Edelman has the quote : You're not obligated to win. You're obligated to keep trying to do the best you can every day.
821 Og Mandino has the quote : I seek constantly to improve my manners and graces, for they are the sugar to which all are attracted.
822 David Seamans has the quote : We cannot change our memories, but we can change their meaning and the power they have over us.
823 Vernon Cooper has the quote : These days people seek knowledge, not wisdom. Knowledge is of the past, wisdom is of the future.
824 Bernard Shaw has the quote : A life spent making mistakes is not only more honourable but more useful than a life spent in doing nothing.
825 Jack Dixon has the quote : If you focus on results, you will never change. If you focus on change, you will get results.
826 Aldous Huxley has the quote : Experience is not what happens to a man. It is what a man does with what happens to him.
827 Lao-Tzu has the quote : All difficult things have their origin in that which is easy, and great things in that which is small.
828 Winston Churchill has the quote : Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
829 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.
830 Richard Bach has the quote : You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past.
831 Honore de Balzac has the quote : The smallest flower is a thought, a life answering to some feature of the Great Whole, of whom they have a persistent intuition.
832 Walter Cronkite has the quote : I can't imagine a person becoming a success who doesn't give this game of life everything hes got.
833 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Do not be too timid and squeamish about your reactions. All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better.
834 Epictetus has the quote : There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will.
835 Confucius has the quote : Being in humaneness is good. If we select other goodness and thus are far apart from humaneness, how can we be the wise?
836 Robert Graves has the quote : Intuition is the supra-logic that cuts out all the routine processes of thought and leaps straight from the problem to the answer.
837 Henry Thoreau has the quote : The only way to tell the truth is to speak with kindness. Only the words of a loving man can be heard.
838 Elbert Hubbard has the quote : A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success.
839 Charles Dickens has the quote : Don't leave a stone unturned. It's always something, to know you have done the most you could.
840 Laurence J. Peter has the quote : There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought.
841 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Great are they who see that spiritual is stronger than any material force, that thoughts rule the world.
842 Donald Trump has the quote : Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.
843 Mabel Newcomber has the quote : It is more important to know where you are going than to get there quickly. Do not mistake activity for achievement.
844 Charles Lamb has the quote : The greatest pleasure I know is to do a good action by stealth, and to have it found out by accident.
845 Denis Waitley has the quote : There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them.
846 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it.
847 Epictetus has the quote : Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens.
848 Richard Bach has the quote : Bad things are not the worst things that can happen to us. Nothing is the worst thing that can happen to us!
849 Brian Tracy has the quote : You can only grow if you're willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new.
850 Eckhart Tolle has the quote : You cannot find yourself by going into the past. You can find yourself by coming into the present.
851 Laura Teresa Marquez has the quote : Arrogance and rudeness are training wheels on the bicycle of life  for weak people who cannot keep their balance without them.
852 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : To give hope to someone occurs when you teach them how to use the tools to do it for themselves.
853 Margaret Runbeck has the quote : Silences make the real conversations between friends. Not the saying but the never needing to say is what counts.
854 David Seamans has the quote : We cannot change our memories, but we can change their meaning and the power they have over us.
855 Richard Bach has the quote : If you love someone, set them free. If they come back they're yours; if they don't they never were.
856 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
857 Frank Wright has the quote : The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.
858 unknown has the quote : Why worry about things you cant control when you can keep yourself busy controlling the things that depend on you?
859 James Freeman Clarke has the quote : We are either progressing or retrograding all the while. There is no such thing as remaining stationary in this life.
860 Epictetus has the quote : If you seek truth you will not seek victory by dishonourable means, and if you find truth you will become invincible.
861 Rumi has the quote : Everyone has been made for some particular work, and the desire for that work has been put in every heart.
862 Thomas Jefferson has the quote : Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.
863 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : The greatest good you can do for another is not just to share your riches but to reveal to him his own.
864 Sophocles has the quote : Men of perverse opinion do not know the excellence of what is in their hands, till some one dash it from them.
865 Rumi has the quote : Something opens our wings. Something makes boredom and hurt disappear. Someone fills the cup in front of us: We taste only sacredness.
866 John Steinbeck has the quote : If we could learn to like ourselves, even a little, maybe our cruelties and angers might melt away.
867 unknown has the quote : It is better to take many small steps in the right direction than to make a great leap forward only to stumble backward.
868 unknown has the quote : If we are facing in the right direction, all we have to do is keep on walking.
869 Julie Morgenstern has the quote : Some people thrive on huge, dramatic change. Some people prefer the slow and steady route. Do what's right for you.
870 Epictetus has the quote : When you are offended at any man's fault, turn to yourself and study your own failings. Then you will forget your anger.
871 John Muir has the quote : When one tugs at a single thing in nature, he finds it attached to the rest of the world.
872 Brian Tracy has the quote : You can only grow if you're willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new.
873 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : If you must tell me your opinions, tell me what you believe in. I have plenty of douts of my own.
874 Thomas Jefferson has the quote : I'm a great believer in luck and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it.
875 Eknath Easwaran has the quote : Through meditation and by giving full attention to one thing at a time, we can learn to direct attention where we choose.
876 Ralph Blum has the quote : Nothing is predestined: The obstacles of your past can become the gateways that lead to new beginnings.
877 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : The greatest good you can do for another is not just share your riches, but reveal to them their own.
878 Buddha has the quote : Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
879 Plato has the quote : Bodily exercise, when compulsory, does no harm to the body; but knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind.
880 Ovid has the quote : Let your hook always be cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish.
881 David Jordan has the quote : Wisdom is knowing what to do next; Skill is knowing how ot do it, and Virtue is doing it.
882 David Jordan has the quote : Wisdom is knowing what to do next; Skill is knowing how ot do it, and Virtue is doing it.
883 André Gide has the quote : One does not discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time.
884 Barack Obama has the quote : If you're walking down the right path and you're willing to keep walking, eventually you'll make progress.
885 Louis Pasteur has the quote : Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity.
886 Daisaku Ikeda has the quote : What matters is the value we've created in our lives, the people we've made happy and how much we've grown as people.
887 Joan Didion has the quote : To free us from the expectations of others, to give us back to ourselves  there lies the great, singular power of self-respect.
888 Leonardo Ruiz has the quote : The only difference between your abilities and others is the ability to put yourself in their shoes and actually try.
889 Albert Einstein has the quote : Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
890 Thomas Jefferson has the quote : Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.
891 Francois de La Rochefoucauld has the quote : A true friend is the most precious of all possessions and the one we take the least thought about acquiring.
892 Thomas Carlyle has the quote : This world, after all our science and sciences, is still a miracle; wonderful, inscrutable, magical and more, to whosoever will think of it.
893 E. M. Forster has the quote : One must be fond of people and trust them if one is not to make a mess of life.
894 Remez Sasson has the quote : You get peace of mind not by thinking about it or imagining it, but by quietening and relaxing the restless mind.
895 Sydney Smith has the quote : It is the greatest of all mistakes to do nothing because you can only do little  do what you can.
896 Maureen Dowd has the quote : The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for.
897 unknown has the quote : If we are facing in the right direction, all we have to do is keep on walking.
898 Laura Teresa Marquez has the quote : Arrogance and rudeness are training wheels on the bicycle of life  for weak people who cannot keep their balance without them.
899 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : If you must tell me your opinions, tell me what you believe in. I have plenty of douts of my own.
900 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Courage is not about taking risks unknowingly but putting your own being in front of challenges that others may not be able to.
901 Blaise Pascal has the quote : Man is equally incapable of seeing the nothingness from which he emerges and the infinity in which he is engulfed.
902 Donald Trump has the quote : Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.
903 Chinese proverb has the quote : If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape one hundred days of sorrow.
904 Wayne Dyer has the quote : I cannot always control what goes on outside. But I can always control what goes on inside.
905 Richard Bach has the quote : Can miles truly separate you from friends... If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there?
906 Alfred Tennyson has the quote : The happiness of a man in this life does not consist in the absence but in the mastery of his passions.
907 Pearl Buck has the quote : You cannot make yourself feel something you do not feel, but you can make yourself do right in spite of your feelings.
908 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Sadness may be part of life but there is no need to let it dominate your entire life.
909 Lao Tzu has the quote : All difficult things have their origin in that which is easy, and great things in that which is small.
910 John Astin has the quote : There are things so deep and complex that only intuition can reach it in our stage of development as human beings.
911 Alan Watts has the quote : No valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.
912 unknown has the quote : Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.
913 Norman Schwarzkopf has the quote : The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it.
914 Charlotte Gilman has the quote : Let us revere, let us worship, but erect and open-eyed, the highest, not the lowest; the future, not the past!
915 Robert Louis Stevenson has the quote : There is no duty we so underrate as the duty of being happy. By being happy we sow anonymous benefits upon the world.
916 Buddha has the quote : We are what we think. All that we are arises with our thoughts. With our thoughts, we make the world.
917 Joan Didion has the quote : To free us from the expectations of others, to give us back to ourselves  there lies the great, singular power of self-respect.
918 Bernard Shaw has the quote : A life spent making mistakes is not only more honourable but more useful than a life spent in doing nothing.
919 Bruce Lee has the quote : Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it.
920 Buddha has the quote : To keep the body in good health is a duty... otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.
921 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
922 Robert Louis Stevenson has the quote : There is no duty we so underrate as the duty of being happy. By being happy we sow anonymous benefits upon the world.
923 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Edison failed 10,000 times before he made the electric light. Do not be discouraged if you fail a few times.
924 unknown has the quote : Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift that's why they call it the present.
925 Charles DeLint has the quote : The road leading to a goal does not separate you from the destination; it is essentially a part of it.
926 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : The greatest good you can do for another is not just to share your riches but to reveal to him his own.
927 unknown has the quote : Why worry about things you cant control when you can keep yourself busy controlling the things that depend on you?
928 Richard Bach has the quote : Your friends will know you better in the first minute you meet than your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years.
929 Abraham Lincoln has the quote : When you have got an elephant by the hind legs and he is trying to run away, it's best to let him run.
930 Everett Dirksen has the quote : I am a man of fixed and unbending principles, the first of which is to be flexible at all times.
931 Denis Waitley has the quote : There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept responsibility for changing them.
932 Honore de Balzac has the quote : The smallest flower is a thought, a life answering to some feature of the Great Whole, of whom they have a persistent intuition.
933 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
934 Mary Kay Ash has the quote : Those who are blessed with the most talent don't necessarily outperform everyone else. It's the people with follow-through who excel.
935 James Barrie has the quote : We never understand how little we need in this world until we know the loss of it.
936 Brian Tracy has the quote : You can only grow if you're willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new.
937 Joan Didion has the quote : To free us from the expectations of others, to give us back to ourselves  there lies the great, singular power of self-respect.
938 unknown has the quote : When you don't know what you believe, everything becomes an argument. Everything is debatable. But when you stand for something, decisions are obvious.
939 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
940 Frank Wright has the quote : The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.
941 Catherine Pulsifer has the quote : You can adopt the attitude there is nothing you can do, or you can see the challenge as your call to action.
942 Alfred Tennyson has the quote : The happiness of a man in this life does not consist in the absence but in the mastery of his passions.
943 John Muir has the quote : When one tugs at a single thing in nature, he finds it attached to the rest of the world.
944 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Transformation doesn't take place with a vacuum; instead, it occurs when we are indirectly and directly connected to all those around us.
945 Margaret Cousins has the quote : Appreciation can make a day, even change a life. Your willingness to put it into words is all that is necessary.
946 unknown has the quote : Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.
947 Epictetus has the quote : There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will.
948 Richard Bach has the quote : If you love someone, set them free. If they come back they're yours; if they don't they never were.
949 Charles DeLint has the quote : The road leading to a goal does not separate you from the destination; it is essentially a part of it.
950 Anatole France has the quote : To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.
951 Eleanor Roosevelt has the quote : Remember always that you not only have the right to be an individual, you have an obligation to be one.
952 Isaac Asimov has the quote : A subtle thought that is in error may yet give rise to fruitful inquiry that can establish truths of great value.
953 Confucius has the quote : When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
954 Helen Keller has the quote : Face your deficiencies and acknowledge them; but do not let them master you. Let them teach you patience, sweetness, insight.
955 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : You have power over your mind  not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.
956 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : The greatest good you can do for another is not just to share your riches but to reveal to him his own.
957 Robert Graves has the quote : Intuition is the supra-logic that cuts out all the routine processes of thought and leaps straight from the problem to the answer.
958 Lao Tzu has the quote : At the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want.
959 Rene Descartes has the quote : It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well.
960 Mary Kay Ash has the quote : Aerodynamically the bumblebee shouldn't be able to fly, but the bumblebee doesn't know that so it goes on flying anyway.
961 Lao-Tzu has the quote : All difficult things have their origin in that which is easy, and great things in that which is small.
962 Margaret Cousins has the quote : Appreciation can make a day, even change a life. Your willingness to put it into words is all that is necessary.
963 Dalai Lama has the quote : If we have a positive mental attitude, then even when surrounded by hostility, we shall not lack inner peace.
964 Denis Waitley has the quote : There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept responsibility for changing them.
965 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : If it is not right do not do it; if it is not true do not say it.
966 Abraham Lincoln has the quote : When you have got an elephant by the hind legs and he is trying to run away, it's best to let him run.
967 Oscar Wilde has the quote : The only thing to do with good advice is to pass it on. It is never of any use to oneself.
968 Margaret Mead has the quote : Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed people can change the world. Indeed. It is the only thing that ever has.
969 Pema Chodron has the quote : When you begin to touch your heart or let your heart be touched, you begin to discover that it's bottomless.
970 Oscar Wilde has the quote : The only thing to do with good advice is to pass it on. It is never of any use to oneself.
971 Immanuel Kant has the quote : All our knowledge begins with the senses, proceeds then to the understanding, and ends with reason. There is nothing higher than reason.
972 Lao Tzu has the quote : When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you.
973 Lao Tzu has the quote : Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning and which permeates all heaven.
974 Harry Kemp has the quote : The poor man is not he who is without a cent, but he who is without a dream.
975 unknown has the quote : Peace of mind is not the absence of conflict from life, but the ability to cope with it.
976 Rumi has the quote : Something opens our wings. Something makes boredom and hurt disappear. Someone fills the cup in front of us: We taste only sacredness.
977 Anthony Robbins has the quote : Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more
978 Franklin Roosevelt has the quote : Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.
979 Thich Nhat Hanh has the quote : To be beautiful means to be yourself. You dont need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself.
980 Charles Schwab has the quote : Keeping a little ahead of conditions is one of the secrets of business, the trailer seldom goes far.
981 unknown has the quote : Every sixty seconds you spend angry, upset or mad, is a full minute of happiness youll never get back.
982 Pearl Buck has the quote : Every great mistake has a halfway moment, a split second when it can be recalled and perhaps remedied.
983 Epictetus has the quote : There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will.
984 Vista Kelly has the quote : Snowflakes are one of natures most fragile things, but just look what they can do when they stick together.
985 Thomas Edison has the quote : The first requisite for success is the ability to apply your physical and mental energies to one problem incessantly without growing weary.
986 Henry Moore has the quote : There is no retirement for an artist, it's your way of living so there is no end to it.
987 Dalai Lama has the quote : With realization of ones own potential and self-confidence in ones ability, one can build a better world.
988 Oscar Wilde has the quote : The aim of life is self-development. To realize ones nature perfectly  that is what each of us is here for.
989 Christopher Morley has the quote : There is only one success  to be able to spend your life in your own way.
990 Helen Keller has the quote : We could never learn to be brave and patient if there were only joy in the world.
991 Sai Baba has the quote : What is new in the world? Nothing. What is old in the world? Nothing. Everything has always been and will always be.
992 Johannes Gaertner has the quote : To speak gratitude is courteous and pleasant, to enact gratitude is generous and noble, but to live gratitude is to touch Heaven.
993 Norman Schwarzkopf has the quote : The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it.
994 E. M. Forster has the quote : One must be fond of people and trust them if one is not to make a mess of life.
995 John Kennedy has the quote : Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
996 unknown has the quote : A good teacher is like a candle  it consumes itself to light the way for others.
997 Thich Nhat Hanh has the quote : To be beautiful means to be yourself. You dont need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself.
998 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
999 Henry Longfellow has the quote : He that respects himself is safe from others; he wears a coat of mail that none can pierce.
1000 Napoleon Bonaparte has the quote : Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in.
1001 Antoine de Saint-Exupery has the quote : It is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye.
1002 Ralph Emerson has the quote : If the stars should appear but one night every thousand years how man would marvel and adore.
1003 Anais Nin has the quote : The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery. There is always more mystery.
1004 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Responsibility is not inherited, it is a choice that everyone needs to make at some point in their life.
1005 Joseph Roux has the quote : A fine quotation is a diamond on the finger of a man of wit, and a pebble in the hand of a fool.
1006 Rumi has the quote : Something opens our wings. Something makes boredom and hurt disappear. Someone fills the cup in front of us: We taste only sacredness.
1007 Confucius has the quote : I will not be concerned at other men is not knowing me;I will be concerned at my own want of ability.
1008 Amelia Earhart has the quote : Never do things others can do and will do, if there are things others cannot do or will not do.
1009 Laura Teresa Marquez has the quote : Arrogance and rudeness are training wheels on the bicycle of life  for weak people who cannot keep their balance without them.
1010 Richard Bach has the quote : Don't turn away from possible futures before you're certain you don't have anything to learn from them.
1011 Usman Asif has the quote : Fear is a darkroom where negatives develop.
1012 Tony Robbins has the quote : It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.
1013 Aristotle has the quote : Happiness depends upon ourselves.
1014 Chinese proverb has the quote : Tension is who you think you should be. Relaxation is who you are.
1015 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : You can be what you want to be. You have the power within and we will help you always.
1016 André Gide has the quote : One does not discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time.
1017 Buddha has the quote : Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it.
1018 Mary Kay Ash has the quote : Aerodynamically the bumblebee shouldn't be able to fly, but the bumblebee doesn't know that so it goes on flying anyway.
1019 Francois de La Rochefoucauld has the quote : A true friend is the most precious of all possessions and the one we take the least thought about acquiring.
1020 Bernard Shaw has the quote : A life spent making mistakes is not only more honourable but more useful than a life spent in doing nothing.
1021 Immanuel Kant has the quote : All our knowledge begins with the senses, proceeds then to the understanding, and ends with reason. There is nothing higher than reason.
1022 Henri-Frederic Amiel has the quote : Work while you have the light. You are responsible for the talent that has been entrusted to you.
1023 William Shakespeare has the quote : How far that little candle throws its beams! So shines a good deed in a naughty world.
1024 unknown has the quote : An obstacle may be either a stepping stone or a stumbling block.
1025 George Allen has the quote : People of mediocre ability sometimes achieve outstanding success because they don't know when to quit. Most men succeed because they are determined to.
1026 Luisa Sigea has the quote : Blaze with the fire that is never extinguished.
1027 Tom Lehrer has the quote : Life is like a sewer. What you get out of it depends on what you put into it.
1028 Albert Einstein has the quote : Try not to become a man of success but rather try to become a man of value.
1029 Francois de La Rochefoucauld has the quote : A true friend is the most precious of all possessions and the one we take the least thought about acquiring.
1030 Daisaku Ikeda has the quote : The person who lives life fully, glowing with life's energy, is the person who lives a successful life.
1031 Pierre Auguste Renoir has the quote : The pain passes, but the beauty remains.
1032 Lao Tzu has the quote : I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures.
1033 Eleanor Roosevelt has the quote : Remember always that you not only have the right to be an individual, you have an obligation to be one.
1034 Socrates has the quote : The greatest way to live with honour in this world is to be what we pretend to be.
1035 Michael Jordan has the quote : If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome.
1036 John Steinbeck has the quote : If we could learn to like ourselves, even a little, maybe our cruelties and angers might melt away.
1037 Catherine Pulsifer has the quote : You can adopt the attitude there is nothing you can do, or you can see the challenge as your call to action.
1038 Bernard Shaw has the quote : A life spent making mistakes is not only more honourable but more useful than a life spent in doing nothing.
1039 Jimmy Dean has the quote : I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
1040 Elizabeth Browning has the quote : Love doesn't make the world go round, love is what makes the ride worthwhile.
1041 Mother Teresa has the quote : Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing.
1042 Wayne Dyer has the quote : I cannot always control what goes on outside. But I can always control what goes on inside.
1043 Bernice Reagon has the quote : Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyse you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are.
1044 Blaise Pascal has the quote : Man is equally incapable of seeing the nothingness from which he emerges and the infinity in which he is engulfed.
1045 Julie Morgenstern has the quote : Some people thrive on huge, dramatic change. Some people prefer the slow and steady route. Do what's right for you.
1046 David Seamans has the quote : We cannot change our memories, but we can change their meaning and the power they have over us.
1047 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit.
1048 John Quincy Adams has the quote : If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
1049 Bob Newhart has the quote : All I can say about life is, Oh God, enjoy it!
1050 Lululemon has the quote : Your outlook on life is a direct reflection on how much you like yourself.
1051 Kin Hubbard has the quote : You won't skid if you stay in a rut.
1052 Mary Morrissey has the quote : You block your dream when you allow your fear to grow bigger than your faith.
1053 Pema Chodron has the quote : When you begin to touch your heart or let your heart be touched, you begin to discover that it's bottomless.
1054 Henri Bergson has the quote : To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly.
1055 Wayne Dyer has the quote : What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds.
1056 Mabel Newcomber has the quote : It is more important to know where you are going than to get there quickly. Do not mistake activity for achievement.
1057 Rita Mae Brown has the quote : Creativity comes from trust. Trust your instincts. And never hope more than you work.
1058 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : You can't create in a vacuum. Life gives you the material and dreams can propel new beginnings.
1059 Dalai Lama has the quote : I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe.
1060 David Brinkley has the quote : A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her.
1061 Bruce Lee has the quote : A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer.
1062 Buddha has the quote : All that we are is the result of what we have thought. The mind is everything. What we think we become.
1063 Buddha has the quote : Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace.
1064 William Penn has the quote : True silence is the rest of the mind; it is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment.
1065 unknown has the quote : Kindness is the greatest wisdom.
1066 Franklin Roosevelt has the quote : The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
1067 Confucius has the quote : The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions.
1068 Albert Schweitzer has the quote : Wherever a man turns he can find someone who needs him.
1069 Lao Tzu has the quote : When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you.
1070 Napoleon Hill has the quote : All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea.
1071 unknown has the quote : I've never seen a smiling face that was not beautiful.
1072 unknown has the quote : You don't drown by falling in water. You drown by staying there.
1073 unknown has the quote : An obstacle may be either a stepping stone or a stumbling block.
1074 Dalai Lama has the quote : More often than not, anger is actually an indication of weakness rather than of strength.
1075 Cervantes has the quote : Those who will play with cats must expect to be scratched.
1076 John Petit-Senn has the quote : Not what we have but what we enjoy constitutes our abundance.
1077 Blaise Pascal has the quote : Man is equally incapable of seeing the nothingness from which he emerges and the infinity in which he is engulfed.
1078 Ralph Waldo Emerson has the quote : Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself.
1079 Laurence J. Peter has the quote : There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought.
1080 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Fear of failure is one attitude that will keep you at the same point in your life.
1081 Mabel Newcomber has the quote : It is more important to know where you are going than to get there quickly. Do not mistake activity for achievement.
1082 unknown has the quote : If we are facing in the right direction, all we have to do is keep on walking.
1083 Buddha has the quote : Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
1084 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : You can't trust without risk but neither can you live in a cocoon.
1085 Henry David Thoreau has the quote : If one advances confidently in the direction of his dream, and endeavours to live the life which he had imagines, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.
1086 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : The universe is transformation; our life is what our thoughts make it.
1087 John Lennon has the quote : Love is the flower you've got to let grow.
1088 Japanese proverb has the quote : The day you decide to do it is your lucky day.
1089 unknown has the quote : Don't be pushed by your problems; be led by your dreams.
1090 Lauren Bacall has the quote : Imagination is the highest kite one can fly.
1091 Gail Sheehy has the quote : To be tested is good. The challenged life may be the best therapist.
1092 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Our lives are a sum total of the choices we have made.
1093 John Locke has the quote : I have always thought the actions of men the best interpreters of their thoughts.
1094 Lee Mildon has the quote : People seldom notice old clothes if you wear a big smile.
1095 David Eddings has the quote : No day in which you learn something is a complete loss.
1096 Dalai Lama has the quote : Remember that sometimes not getting what you want is a wonderful stroke of luck.
1097 Cheng Yen has the quote : Happiness does not come from having much, but from being attached to little.
1098 John Dewey has the quote : Without some goals and some efforts to reach it, no man can live.
1099 Maya Angelou has the quote : When you learn, teach. When you get, give.
1100 Confucius has the quote : They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom.
1101 Martin Luther King, Jr. has the quote : Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into friend.
1102 John Astin has the quote : There are things so deep and complex that only intuition can reach it in our stage of development as human beings.
1103 Seneca has the quote : The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
1104 Carl Jung has the quote : Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart. Who looks outside, dreams. Who looks inside, awakens.
1105 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : Never apologize for showing feelings. When you do so, you apologize for the truth.
1106 Babatunde Olatunji has the quote : Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift. That is why we call it the present.
1107 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Passion creates the desire for more and action fuelled by passion creates a future.
1108 Jimmy Dean has the quote : I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
1109 Lao Tzu has the quote : An ant on the move does more than a dozing ox
1110 Orison Marden has the quote : The Creator has not given you a longing to do that which you have no ability to do.
1111 Tom Krause has the quote : There are no failures  just experiences and your reactions to them.
1112 Mother Teresa has the quote : Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing.
1113 Grandma Moses has the quote : Life is what you make of it. Always has been, always will be.
1114 Lao Tzu has the quote : Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning and which permeates all heaven.
1115 Blaise Pascal has the quote : The heart has its reasons which reason knows not of.
1116 George Bernard Shaw has the quote : A life spent making mistakes is not only more honourable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
1117 William Yeats has the quote : Think as a wise man but communicate in the language of the people.
1118 Confucius has the quote : When you see a good person, think of becoming like him. When you see someone not so good, reflect on your own weak points.
1119 Japanese proverb has the quote : The day you decide to do it is your lucky day.
1120 Orison Marden has the quote : Most of our obstacles would melt away if, instead of cowering before them, we should make up our minds to walk boldly through them.
1121 Lao Tzu has the quote : If you correct your mind, the rest of your life will fall into place.
1122 Amy Tan has the quote : I am like a falling star who has finally found her place next to another in a lovely constellation, where we will sparkle in the heavens forever.
1123 Ralph Waldo Emerson has the quote : Most of the shadows of life are caused by standing in our own sunshine.
1124 Helen Keller has the quote : No pessimist ever discovered the secrets of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new heaven to the human spirit.
1125 Dalai Lama has the quote : Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
1126 Albert Schweitzer has the quote : Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
1127 Channing has the quote : Every man is a volume if you know how to read him.
1128 Dalai Lama has the quote : There is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies. My brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophy is kindness.
1129 Ralph Waldo Emerson has the quote : It is only when the mind and character slumber that the dress can be seen.
1130 Albert Einstein has the quote : When the solution is simple, God is answering.
1131 Sigmund Freud has the quote : The most complicated achievements of thought are possible without the assistance of consciousness.
1132 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Fears are nothing more than a state of mind.
1133 Catherine Pulsifer has the quote : Being angry never solves anything.
1134 Benjamin Franklin has the quote : There never was a good knife made of bad steel.
1135 Richard Braunstein has the quote : He who obtains has little. He who scatters has much.
1136 unknown has the quote : Being right is highly overrated. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
1137 unknown has the quote : The world doesnt happen to you it happens from you.
1138 Murray Gell-Mann has the quote : Think how hard physics would be if particles could think.
1139 Dalai Lama has the quote : Happiness mainly comes from our own attitude, rather than from external factors.
1140 Seneca has the quote : Most powerful is he who has himself in his own power.
1141 Nietzsche has the quote : You need chaos in your soul to give birth to a dancing star.
1142 German proverb has the quote : Silence is a fence around wisdom.
1143 Tony Robbins has the quote : The path to success is to take massive, determined action.
1144 Winston Churchill has the quote : The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
1145 Charlotte Bronte has the quote : Life is so constructed that an event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation.
1146 Larry Elder has the quote : A goal without a plan is just a wish.
1147 Maya Angelou has the quote : I believe that every person is born with talent.
1148 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the world.
1149 Edwin Chapin has the quote : Every action of our lives touches on some chord that will vibrate in eternity.
1150 Mary Almanac has the quote : Who we are never changes. Who we think we are does.
1151 Elbert Hubbard has the quote : The final proof of greatness lies in being able to endure criticism without resentment.
1152 Plato has the quote : Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others.
1153 unknown has the quote : He who has health has hope, and he who has hope has everything.
1154 unknown has the quote : A good rest is half the work.
1155 Publilius Syrus has the quote : Better be ignorant of a matter than half know it.
1156 Lao Tzu has the quote : Great acts are made up of small deeds.
1157 unknown has the quote : Open minds lead to open doors.
1158 Voltaire has the quote : To enjoy life, we must touch much of it lightly.
1159 Elizabeth Browning has the quote : Light tomorrow with today!
1160 Bernard Shaw has the quote : Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
1161 Aristotle has the quote : In all things of nature there is something of the marvellous.
1162 Buddha has the quote : You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger.
1163 Eleanor Roosevelt has the quote : The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
1164 unknown has the quote : We do what we do because we believe.
1165 Epictetus has the quote : Practice yourself, for heavens sake in little things, and then proceed to greater.
1166 Paul Cezanne has the quote : The awareness of our own strength makes us modest.
1167 Cicero has the quote : We must not say every mistake is a foolish one.
1168 Confucius has the quote : Being in humaneness is good. If we select other goodness and thus are far apart from humaneness, how can we be the wise?
1169 Billy Wilder has the quote : Trust your own instinct. Your mistakes might as well be your own, instead of someone elses.
1170 Og Mandino has the quote : I seek constantly to improve my manners and graces, for they are the sugar to which all are attracted.
1171 Albert Camus has the quote : In the depth of winter, I finally learned that there was within me an invincible summer.
1172 Albert Einstein has the quote : I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best both for the body and the mind.
1173 Laozi has the quote : The power of intuitive understanding will protect you from harm until the end of your days.
1174 Bruce Lee has the quote : A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer.
1175 Lao-Tzu has the quote : All difficult things have their origin in that which is easy, and great things in that which is small.
1176 Isaac Asimov has the quote : A subtle thought that is in error may yet give rise to fruitful inquiry that can establish truths of great value.
1177 Buddha has the quote : To live a pure unselfish life, one must count nothing as ones own in the midst of abundance.
1178 Henry Miller has the quote : The moment one gives close attention to anything, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself.
1179 Mohandas Gandhi has the quote : Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
1180 Leo Aikman has the quote : Blessed is the person who is too busy to worry in the daytime, and too sleepy to worry at night.
1181 Mary Kay Ash has the quote : For every failure, there's an alternative course of action. You just have to find it. When you come to a roadblock, take a detour.
1182 Albert Schweitzer has the quote : Constant kindness can accomplish much. As the sun makes ice melt, kindness causes misunderstanding, mistrust, and hostility to evaporate.
1183 Ralph Waldo Emerson has the quote : A hero is no braver than an ordinary man, but he is braver five minutes longer.
1184 E. M. Forster has the quote : One must be fond of people and trust them if one is not to make a mess of life.
1185 unknown has the quote : The real measure of your wealth is how much youd be worth if you lost all your money.
1186 Margaret Laurence has the quote : Know that although in the eternal scheme of things you are small, you are also unique and irreplaceable, as are all your fellow humans everywhere in the world.
1187 Napoleon Bonaparte has the quote : To do all that one is able to do, is to be a man; to do all that one would like to do, is to be a god.
1188 Albert Einstein has the quote : Imagination is more important than knowledge. For while knowledge defines all we currently know and understand, imagination points to all we might yet discover and create.
1189 Anne Lindbergh has the quote : If one is estranged from oneself, then one is estranged from others too. If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others.
1190 Buddha has the quote : He who experiences the unity of life sees his own Self in all beings, and all beings in his own Self, and looks on everything with an impartial eye.
1191 Nathaniel Hawthorne has the quote : Happiness is as a butterfly which, when pursued, is always beyond our grasp, but which if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
1192 Ajahn Chah has the quote : If you let go a little, you will have a little peace. If you let go a lot, you will have a lot of peace.
1193 Yogi Berra has the quote : Life is a learning experience, only if you learn.
1194 Thich Nhat Hanh has the quote : Smile, breathe and go slowly.
1195 Wayne Dyer has the quote : You are important enough to ask and you are blessed enough to receive back.
1196 Richard Bach has the quote : Every gift from a friend is a wish for your happiness.
1197 William Burroughs has the quote : Your mind will answer most questions if you learn to relax and wait for the answer.
1198 William Shakespeare has the quote : God has given you one face, and you make yourself another.
1199 Carl Jung has the quote : Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes.
1200 Lao Tzu has the quote : Silence is a source of great strength.
1201 Seneca has the quote : There is no great genius without some touch of madness.
1202 George Patton has the quote : Accept challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory.
1203 Ralph Emerson has the quote : We aim above the mark to hit the mark.
1204 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
1205 Lao Tzu has the quote : If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading.
1206 unknown has the quote : What we see is mainly what we look for.
1207 Lily Tomlin has the quote : I always wanted to be somebody, but I should have been more specific.
1208 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.
1209 Frances de Sales has the quote : Nothing is so strong as gentleness. Nothing is so gentle as real strength.
1210 unknown has the quote : A man is not where he lives but where he loves.
1211 Sigmund Freud has the quote : From error to error one discovers the entire truth.
1212 Aristotle has the quote : Well begun is half done.
1213 Confucius has the quote : I want you to be everything that's you, deep at the center of your being.
1214 Publilius Syrus has the quote : Do not turn back when you are just at the goal.
1215 unknown has the quote : A beautiful thing is never perfect.
1216 Mary Bethune has the quote : Without faith, nothing is possible. With it, nothing is impossible.
1217 Confucius has the quote : The cautious seldom err.
1218 Virgil has the quote : They can do all because they think they can.
1219 Doris Mortman has the quote : Until you make peace with who you are, you'll never be content with what you have.
1220 Buddha has the quote : Happiness comes when your work and words are of benefit to yourself and others.
1221 unknown has the quote : Each time we face a fear, we gain strength, courage, and confidence in the doing.
1222 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Nothing is at last sacred but the integrity of your own mind.
1223 Confucius has the quote : What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others.
1224 Sophocles has the quote : Ignorant men don't know what good they hold in their hands until they've flung it away.
1225 William Shakespeare has the quote : God has given you one face, and you make yourself another.
1226 Cicero has the quote : We must not say every mistake is a foolish one.
1227 Henri Bergson has the quote : The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend.
1228 Dorothy Thompson has the quote : Fear grows in darkness; if you think theres a bogeyman around, turn on the light.
1229 Richard Braunstein has the quote : He who obtains has little. He who scatters has much.
1230 Sheldon Kopp has the quote : In the long run we get no more than we have been willing to risk giving.
1231 Henri-Frederic Amiel has the quote : So long as a person is capable of self-renewal they are a living being.
1232 Ralph Blum has the quote : Nothing is predestined: The obstacles of your past can become the gateways that lead to new beginnings.
1233 William Ward has the quote : When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves.
1234 Blaise Pascal has the quote : The least movement is of importance to all nature. The entire ocean is affected by a pebble.
1235 Richard Bach has the quote : You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past.
1236 Tryon Edwards has the quote : He that never changes his opinions, never corrects his mistakes, and will never be wiser on the morrow than he is today.
1237 Aristotle has the quote : It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
1238 Epictetus has the quote : Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens.
1239 Dalai Lama has the quote : I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe.
1240 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Sadness may be part of life but there is no need to let it dominate your entire life.
1241 Thomas Carlyle has the quote : This world, after all our science and sciences, is still a miracle; wonderful, inscrutable, magical and more, to whosoever will think of it.
1242 Niccolo Machiavelli has the quote : Men in general judge more from appearances than from reality. All men have eyes, but few have the gift of penetration.
1243 Buddha has the quote : When you realize how perfect everything is you will tilt your head back and laugh at the sky.
1244 Edmund Burke has the quote : Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little.
1245 Dalai Lama has the quote : With realization of ones own potential and self-confidence in ones ability, one can build a better world.
1246 Dalai Lama has the quote : People take different roads seeking fulfilment and happiness. Just because theyre not on your road doesn't mean they've gotten lost.
1247 Kahlil Gibran has the quote : To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do.
1248 Bernard Shaw has the quote : I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the community, and as long as I live it is my privilege to do for it whatever I can.
1249 Abraham Lincoln has the quote : Character is like a tree and reputation like a shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing.
1250 Amiel has the quote : Without passion man is a mere latent force and possibility, like the flint which awaits the shock of the iron before it can give forth its spark.
1251 Frederick Douglass has the quote : I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and to incur my own abhorrence.
1252 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : In the end we retain from our studies only that which we practically apply.
1253 William Sloane Coffin has the quote : Hope arouses, as nothing else can arouse, a passion for the possible.
1254 Eleanor Roosevelt has the quote : The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
1255 Anne Schaef has the quote : Life is a process. We are a process. The universe is a process.
1256 Doris Mortman has the quote : Until you make peace with who you are, you'll never be content with what you have.
1257 Orison Marden has the quote : All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers.
1258 Marie Curie has the quote : Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas.
1259 Sophocles has the quote : A short saying oft contains much wisdom.
1260 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Everything is perfect in the universe  even your desire to improve it.
1261 Marsha Petrie Sue has the quote : Stay away from what might have been and look at what will be.
1262 Buddha has the quote : The way is not in the sky. The way is in the heart.
1263 Lao Tzu has the quote : From wonder into wonder existence opens.
1264 John Lennon has the quote : Life is what happens while you are making other plans.
1265 Immanuel Kant has the quote : Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.
1266 Mother Teresa has the quote : If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one.
1267 Confucius has the quote : Silence is a true friend who never betrays.
1268 Brian Tracy has the quote : Goals are the fuel in the furnace of achievement.
1269 Napoleon Hill has the quote : The ladder of success is never crowded at the top.
1270 Japanese proverb has the quote : Vision without action is a daydream. Action without vision is a nightmare.
1271 unknown has the quote : Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
1272 Napoleon Bonaparte has the quote : The truest wisdom is a resolute determination.
1273 Aesop has the quote : No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
1274 unknown has the quote : The difficulties of life are intended to make us better, not bitter.
1275 Victor Hugo has the quote : Life is the flower for which love is the honey.
1276 Thich Nhat Hanh has the quote : Smile, breathe and go slowly.
1277 Claire Charmont has the quote : The one who always loses, is the only person who gets the reward.
1278 Margaret Sangster has the quote : Self-complacency is fatal to progress.
1279 Thich Nhat Hanh has the quote : Smile, breathe, and go slowly.
1280 Pearl Buck has the quote : The truth is always exciting. Speak it, then. Life is dull without it.
1281 Benjamin Franklin has the quote : Watch the little things; a small leak will sink a great ship.
1282 Confucius has the quote : To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
1283 unknown has the quote : Kindness is the greatest wisdom.
1284 Chinese proverb has the quote : People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it.
1285 Lena Horne has the quote : Always be smarter than the people who hire you.
1286 Virgil has the quote : Fortune favours the brave.
1287 Albert Schweitzer has the quote : We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.
1288 Franklin Roosevelt has the quote : Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.
1289 Denis Waitley has the quote : There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept responsibility for changing them.
1290 unknown has the quote : The real measure of your wealth is how much youd be worth if you lost all your money.
1291 Aldous Huxley has the quote : There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
1292 M. Scott Peck has the quote : Until you value yourself, you won't value your time. Until you value your time, you won't do anything with it.
1293 Joseph Campbell has the quote : When we quit thinking primarily about ourselves and our own self-preservation, we undergo a truly heroic transformation of consciousness.
1294 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : The greatest good you can do for another is not just to share your riches but to reveal to him his own.
1295 Charles Darwin has the quote : The highest stage in moral ure at which we can arrive is when we recognize that we ought to control our thoughts.
1296 Dalai Lama has the quote : By going beyond your own problems and taking care of others, you gain inner strength, self-confidence, courage, and a greater sense of calm.
1297 Anais Nin has the quote : The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery. There is always more mystery.
1298 Mortimer Adler has the quote : The purpose of learning is growth, and our minds, unlike our bodies, can continue growing as we continue to live.
1299 Walter Linn has the quote : It is surprising what a man can do when he has to, and how little most men will do when they don't have to.
1300 Thomas Carlyle has the quote : Do not be embarrassed by your mistakes. Nothing can teach us better than our understanding of them. This is one of the best ways of self-education.
1301 Stephen Covey has the quote : We are not animals. We are not a product of what has happened to us in our past. We have the power of choice.
1302 Paul Graham has the quote : The most dangerous way to lose time is not to spend it having fun, but to spend it doing fake work. When you spend time having fun, you know you're being self-indulgent.
1303 Anne Frank has the quote : Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a persons character lies in their own hands.
1304 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Adversity isn't set against you to fail; adversity is a way to build your character so that you can succeed over and over again through perseverance.
1305 Sophocles has the quote : A short saying oft contains much wisdom.
1306 Confucius has the quote : The cautious seldom err.
1307 Demosthenes has the quote : Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.
1308 Maya Angelou has the quote : If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can totally transform one million realities.
1309 Winston Churchill has the quote : Courage is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm.
1310 Thich Nhat Hanh has the quote : Smile, breathe, and go slowly.
1311 Benjamin Franklin has the quote : Well done is better than well said.
1312 Carl Jung has the quote : In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order.
1313 Richard Bach has the quote : Learning is finding out what you already know.
1314 Anne Lamott has the quote : Joy is the best makeup.
1315 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : If you cannot be silent be brilliant and thoughtful.
1316 Richard Bach has the quote : Every problem has a gift for you in its hands.
1317 Lao Tzu has the quote : If you correct your mind, the rest of your life will fall into place.
1318 Hannah More has the quote : It is not so important to know everything as to appreciate what we learn.
1319 Buddha has the quote : Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace.
1320 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life.
1321 Maya Angelou has the quote : I believe that every person is born with talent.
1322 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : Knowing is not enough; we must apply!
1323 Albert Gray has the quote : Winners have simply formed the habit of doing things losers don't like to do.
1324 Elizabeth Browning has the quote : Whoso loves, believes the impossible.
1325 Ella Fitzgerald has the quote : It isn't where you come from, it's where you're going that counts.
1326 Usman Asif has the quote : Fear is a darkroom where negatives develop.
1327 Abraham Lincoln has the quote : As our case is new, we must think and act anew.
1328 unknown has the quote : Never let lack of money interfere with having fun.
1329 Lewis Cass has the quote : People may doubt what you say, but they will believe what you do.
1330 Albert Einstein has the quote : In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
1331 Benjamin Spock has the quote : Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.
1332 Charles Chesnutt has the quote : Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned.
1333 Henry Ford has the quote : Quality means doing it right when no one is looking.
1334 Anne Frank has the quote : No one has ever become poor by giving.
1335 Buddha has the quote : The foot feels the foot when it feels the ground.
1336 Og Mandino has the quote : Each misfortune you encounter will carry in it the seed of tomorrows good luck.
1337 Anatole France has the quote : It is better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot.
1338 Leonardo da Vinci has the quote : He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind.
1339 Sigmund Freud has the quote : From error to error one discovers the entire truth.
1340 Anatole France has the quote : It is better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot.
1341 Richard Bach has the quote : To bring anything into your life, imagine that it's already there.
1342 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : Each day provides its own gifts.
1343 Richard Evans has the quote : The undertaking of a new action brings new strength.
1344 unknown has the quote : Never tell me the skys the limit when there are footprints on the moon.
1345 Eleanor Roosevelt has the quote : I think somehow we learn who we really are and then live with that decision.
1346 Denis Waitley has the quote : You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler.
1347 Thomas Edison has the quote : Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
1348 Satchel Paige has the quote : Don't look back. Something might be gaining on you.
1349 Bernice Reagon has the quote : Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are.
1350 unknown has the quote : If we are facing in the right direction, all we have to do is keep on walking.
1351 Abraham Lincoln has the quote : The best thing about the future is that it only comes one day at a time.
1352 Hasidic saying has the quote : Everyone should carefully observe which way his heart draws him, and then choose that way with all his strength.
1353 Charles DeLint has the quote : The road leading to a goal does not separate you from the destination; it is essentially a part of it.
1354 Buddha has the quote : No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path.
1355 Epictetus has the quote : Nature gave us one tongue and two ears so we could hear twice as much as we speak.
1356 Herbert Swope has the quote : I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: which is: Try to please everybody.
1357 Robert Fulghum has the quote : Peace is not something you wish for. It's something you make, something you do, something you are, and something you give away.
1358 Richard Bach has the quote : You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past.
1359 George Allen has the quote : People of mediocre ability sometimes achieve outstanding success because they don't know when to quit. Most men succeed because they are determined to.
1360 Thomas Carlyle has the quote : Do not be embarrassed by your mistakes. Nothing can teach us better than our understanding of them. This is one of the best ways of self-education.
1361 Lao Tzu has the quote : He who conquers others is strong; He who conquers himself is mighty.
1362 Robert Stevenson has the quote : Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant.
1363 Louisa Alcott has the quote : I'm not afraid of storms, for Im learning how to sail my ship.
1364 unknown has the quote : You can do what's reasonable or you can decide what's possible.
1365 Cervantes has the quote : Be slow of tongue and quick of eye.
1366 Ovid has the quote : The cause is hidden. The effect is visible to all.
1367 David McCullough has the quote : Real success is finding your lifework in the work that you love.
1368 unknown has the quote : Some pursue happiness, others create it.
1369 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Go put your creed into the deed. Nor speak with double tongue.
1370 Euripides has the quote : The wisest men follow their own direction.
1371 Andy Rooney has the quote : If you smile when no one else is around, you really mean it.
1372 Paul Tillich has the quote : Decision is a risk rooted in the courage of being free.
1373 Kenneth Patton has the quote : We learn what we have said from those who listen to our speaking.
1374 Carl Jung has the quote : Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.
1375 Buddha has the quote : In separateness lies the world's great misery, in compassion lies the world's true strength.
1376 Thomas Jefferson has the quote : Don't talk about what you have done or what you are going to do.
1377 Bernard Shaw has the quote : We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.
1378 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Good luck is another name for tenacity of purpose.
1379 Bruce Lee has the quote : If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.
1380 William R. Inge has the quote : Nature takes away any faculty that is not used.
1381 St. Augustine has the quote : Better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all.
1382 Buddha has the quote : In separateness lies the world's great misery, in compassion lies the world's true strength.
1383 Frances de Sales has the quote : Nothing is so strong as gentleness. Nothing is so gentle as real strength.
1384 William Shakespeare has the quote : We know what we are, but know not what we may be.
1385 Joseph Joubert has the quote : He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.
1386 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : Mountains cannot be surmounted except by winding paths.
1387 Seneca has the quote : If one does not know to which port is sailing, no wind is favorable.
1388 Mark Twain has the quote : When in doubt, tell the truth.
1389 John Dewey has the quote : Every great advance in science has issued from a new audacity of the imagination.
1390 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : What you fear is that which requires action to overcome.
1391 Albert Einstein has the quote : Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving.
1392 Epictetus has the quote : No man is free who is not master of himself.
1393 Aristotle has the quote : Those that know, do. Those that understand, teach.
1394 Carl Jung has the quote : Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding about ourselves.
1395 Confucius has the quote : The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions.
1396 Edward Young has the quote : On every thorn, delightful wisdom grows, In every rill a sweet instruction flows.
1397 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : Character develops itself in the stream of life.
1398 Pema Chodron has the quote : The future is completely open, and we are writing it moment to moment.
1399 St. Augustine has the quote : Better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all.
1400 Sinvyest Tan has the quote : Don't frown because you never know who is falling in love with your smile.
1401 Virgil has the quote : Fortune favours the brave.
1402 Peter Drucker has the quote : Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things.
1403 Edwin Chapin has the quote : Every action of our lives touches on some chord that will vibrate in eternity.
1404 unknown has the quote : We all have problems. The way we solve them is what makes us different.
1405 Tom Peters has the quote : Formula for success: under promise and over deliver.
1406 Sun Tzu has the quote : Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?
1407 Frank Tyger has the quote : Your future depends on many things, but mostly on you.
1408 Buddha has the quote : The foot feels the foot when it feels the ground.
1409 Thomas Edison has the quote : Opportunity is missed by most because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
1410 Jean de la Fontaine has the quote : Sadness flies away on the wings of time.
1411 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Look forward to spring as a time when you can start to see what nature has to offer once again.
1412 Buddha has the quote : You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
1413 Lao Tzu has the quote : At the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want.
1414 Peter Drucker has the quote : Follow effective action with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action.
1415 Byron Roberts has the quote : It is not the mistake that has the most power, instead, it is learning from the mistake to advance your own attributes.
1416 Aristotle has the quote : We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
1417 Madame de Stael has the quote : Wit lies in recognizing the resemblance among things which differ and the difference between things which are alike.
1418 Elbert Hubbard has the quote : A failure is a man who has blundered but is not capable of cashing in on the experience.
1419 Buddha has the quote : In a controversy the instant we feel anger we have already ceased striving for the truth, and have begun striving for ourselves.
1420 unknown has the quote : Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift that's why they call it the present.
1421 unknown has the quote : Never miss an opportunity to make others happy, even if you have to leave them alone in order to do it.
1422 Dalai Lama has the quote : Consider that not only do negative thoughts and emotions destroy our experience of peace, they also undermine our health.
1423 Buddha has the quote : Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind.
1424 Thomas Carlyle has the quote : Do not be embarrassed by your mistakes. Nothing can teach us better than our understanding of them. This is one of the best ways of self-education.
1425 Confucius has the quote : When you see a man of worth, think of how you may emulate him. When you see one who is unworthy, examine yourself.
1426 John Lennon has the quote : You may say Im a dreamer, but Im not the only one, I hope someday you will join us, and the world will live as one.
1427 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart.
1428 John Kennedy has the quote : Let us resolve to be masters, not the victims, of our history, controlling our own destiny without giving way to blind suspicions and emotions.
1429 Tony Robbins has the quote : It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.
1430 Confucius has the quote : Silence is the true friend that never betrays.
1431 Cathy Pulsifer has the quote : You are special, you are unique, you are the best!
1432 Bishop Desmond Tutu has the quote : We must not allow ourselves to become like the system we oppose.
1433 Tom Krause has the quote : There are no failures. Just experiences and your reactions to them.
1434 Richard Braunstein has the quote : He who obtains has little. He who scatters has much.
1435 William Blake has the quote : In seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy.
1436 Demosthenes has the quote : Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.
1437 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Our lives are a sum total of the choices we have made.
1438 unknown has the quote : A man is not where he lives but where he loves.
1439 unknown has the quote : More powerful than the will to win is the courage to begin.
1440 William Shakespeare has the quote : Go to your bosom: Knock there, and ask your heart what it doth know.
1441 unknown has the quote : Every new day is another chance to change your life.
1442 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Experience can only be gained by doing not by thinking or dreaming.
1443 Mother Teresa has the quote : Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
1444 Brendan Francis has the quote : No yesterdays are ever wasted for those who give themselves to today.
1445 Mother Teresa has the quote : We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do.
1446 unknown has the quote : Don't wait for people to be friendly. Show them how.
1447 Epictetus has the quote : Practice yourself, for heavens sake in little things, and then proceed to greater.
1448 Jason Fried has the quote : No is easier to do. Yes is easier to say.
1449 Mohandas Gandhi has the quote : Freedom is not worth having if it does not connote freedom to err.
1450 unknown has the quote : Don't let today's disappointments cast a shadow on tomorrow's dreams.
1451 Corita Kent has the quote : Life is a succession of moments. To live each one is to succeed.
1452 Maya Angelou has the quote : All great achievements require time.
1453 Ralph Emerson has the quote : The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going.
1454 Swedish proverb has the quote : Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow.
1455 Winston Churchill has the quote : Courage is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm.
1456 Epictetus has the quote : Practice yourself, for heavens sake in little things, and then proceed to greater.
1457 Andy Warhol has the quote : They say that time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.
1458 Henry David Thoreau has the quote : I cannot make my days longer so I strive to make them better.
1459 Carl Sandburg has the quote : Nothing happens unless first we dream.
1460 Tony Robbins has the quote : Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers.
1461 Antoine de Saint-Exupery has the quote : I know but one freedom and that is the freedom of the mind.
1462 Anais Nin has the quote : The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself.
1463 Confucius has the quote : Silence is the true friend that never betrays.
1464 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : Correction does much, but encouragement does more.
1465 Carl Jung has the quote : Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding about ourselves.
1466 Albert Schweitzer has the quote : Wherever a man turns he can find someone who needs him.
1467 Tony Robbins has the quote : Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers.
1468 George Bernard Shaw has the quote : A life spent making mistakes is not only more honourable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
1469 Margaret Mead has the quote : Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed people can change the world. Indeed. It is the only thing that ever has.
1470 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : The greatest good you can do for another is not just to share your riches but to reveal to him his own.
1471 Sydney Smith has the quote : It is the greatest of all mistakes to do nothing because you can only do little  do what you can.
1472 Denis Waitley has the quote : Happiness cannot be travelled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed. Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace and gratitude.
1473 Ralph Blum has the quote : Nothing is predestined: The obstacles of your past can become the gateways that lead to new beginnings.
1474 Dhammapada has the quote : Do not give your attention to what others do or fail to do; give it to what you do or fail to do.
1475 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
1476 Elbert Hubbard has the quote : A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success.
1477 Dalai Lama has the quote : By going beyond your own problems and taking care of others, you gain inner strength, self-confidence, courage, and a greater sense of calm.
1478 Angela Schwindt has the quote : While we try to teach our children all about life, our children teach us what life is all about.
1479 Sydney Smith has the quote : It is the greatest of all mistakes to do nothing because you can only do little  do what you can.
1480 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : People are so constituted that everybody would rather undertake what they see others do, whether they have an aptitude for it or not.
1481 Honore de Balzac has the quote : The smallest flower is a thought, a life answering to some feature of the Great Whole, of whom they have a persistent intuition.
1482 Charles Darwin has the quote : The highest stage in moral ure at which we can arrive is when we recognize that we ought to control our thoughts.
1483 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Responsibility is not inherited, it is a choice that everyone needs to make at some point in their life.
1484 Isaac Asimov has the quote : A subtle thought that is in error may yet give rise to fruitful inquiry that can establish truths of great value.
1485 Dalai Lama has the quote : There is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies. My brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophy is kindness.
1486 Caroline Myss has the quote : You cannot change anything in your life with intention alone, which can become a watered-down, occasional hope that you'll get to tomorrow. Intention without action is useless.
1487 William James has the quote : The greatest discovery of our generation is that human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind. As you think, so shall you be.
1488 Uta Hagen has the quote : We must overcome the notion that we must be regular. It robs you of the chance to be extraordinary and leads you to the mediocre.
1489 Edward de Bono has the quote : It is better to have enough ideas for some of them to be wrong, than to be always right by having no ideas at all.
1490 Buddha has the quote : Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
1491 Dale Carnegie has the quote : Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
1492 Thich Nhat Hanh has the quote : Smile, breathe, and go slowly.
1493 Thomas Jefferson has the quote : Never put off till tomorrow what you can do today.
1494 Joe Paterno has the quote : Believe deep down in your heart that you're destined to do great things.
1495 Thomas Fuller has the quote : No garden is without its weeds.
1496 Carl Jung has the quote : Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes.
1497 George Orwell has the quote : Myths which are believed in tend to become true.
1498 Buddha has the quote : In separateness lies the world's great misery, in compassion lies the world's true strength.
1499 Immanuel Kant has the quote : Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.
1500 Winston Churchill has the quote : The price of greatness is responsibility.
1501 Napoleon Hill has the quote : You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself.
1502 Ovid has the quote : All things change; nothing perishes.
1503 Peter Drucker has the quote : Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things.
1504 Denis Waitley has the quote : You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler.
1505 Charles Perkhurst has the quote : The heart has eyes which the brain knows nothing of.
1506 Albert Einstein has the quote : When the solution is simple, God is answering.
1507 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : It can't be spring if your heart is filled with past failures.
1508 Eleanor Roosevelt has the quote : Do one thing every day that scares you.
1509 Tony Robbins has the quote : Whatever happens, take responsibility.
1510 Robert M. Pirsig has the quote : The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands.
1511 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Our lives are a sum total of the choices we have made.
1512 unknown has the quote : We do what we do because we believe.
1513 Pema Chodron has the quote : The greatest obstacle to connecting with our joy is resentment.
1514 Cynthia Ozick has the quote : To want to be what one can be is purpose in life.
1515 Albert Einstein has the quote : If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.
1516 Pearl Buck has the quote : Growth itself contains the germ of happiness.
1517 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the universe.
1518 C. Pulsifer has the quote : When anger use your energy to do something productive.
1519 unknown has the quote : An obstacle may be either a stepping stone or a stumbling block.
1520 Buddha has the quote : You only lose what you cling to.
1521 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Our intention creates our reality.
1522 Lao Tzu has the quote : From wonder into wonder existence opens.
1523 Wayne Dyer has the quote : There is no way to prosperity, prosperity is the way.
1524 Maya Angelou has the quote : If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can totally transform one million realities.
1525 Confucius has the quote : The more you know yourself, the more you forgive yourself.
1526 Heraclitus has the quote : All is flux; nothing stays still.
1527 Samuel Johnson has the quote : Memory is the mother of all wisdom.
1528 Napoleon Hill has the quote : You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself.
1529 unknown has the quote : Don't miss all the beautiful colors of the rainbow looking for that pot of gold.
1530 André Gide has the quote : Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.
1531 Confucius has the quote : They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom.
1532 William Shakespeare has the quote : Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
1533 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Self-trust is the first secret of success.
1534 Socrates has the quote : The greatest way to live with honour in this world is to be what we pretend to be.
1535 Abraham Lincoln has the quote : When you have got an elephant by the hind legs and he is trying to run away, it's best to let him run.
1536 unknown has the quote : A smile is a light in the window of your face to show your heart is at home.
1537 Oliver Holmes has the quote : A man may fulfil the object of his existence by asking a question he cannot answer, and attempting a task he cannot achieve.
1538 Bruce Lee has the quote : A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer.
1539 Buddha has the quote : Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind.
1540 Arthur Schopenhauer has the quote : Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world.
1541 Daisaku Ikeda has the quote : The person who lives life fully, glowing with life's energy, is the person who lives a successful life.
1542 Dalai Lama has the quote : Genuine love should first be directed at oneself  if we do not love ourselves, how can we love others?
1543 Robert Graves has the quote : Intuition is the supra-logic that cuts out all the routine processes of thought and leaps straight from the problem to the answer.
1544 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.
1545 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : If you have no respect for your own values how can you be worthy of respect from others.
1546 Henry Longfellow has the quote : He that respects himself is safe from others; he wears a coat of mail that none can pierce.
1547 Winston Churchill has the quote : Before you can inspire with emotion, you must be swamped with it yourself. Before you can move their tears, your own must flow. To convince them, you must yourself believe.
1548 Helen Keller has the quote : Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, vision cleared, ambition inspired, and success achieved.
1549 William James has the quote : The greatest discovery of our generation is that human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind. As you think, so shall you be.
1550 Carl Jung has the quote : Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.
1551 Mohandas Gandhi has the quote : The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
1552 Maya Angelou has the quote : I believe that every person is born with talent.
1553 William Shakespeare has the quote : Be great in act, as you have been in thought.
1554 Thich Nhat Hanh has the quote : Smile, breathe, and go slowly.
1555 Wit has the quote : We choose our destiny in the way we treat others.
1556 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : The universe is transformation; our life is what our thoughts make it.
1557 unknown has the quote : The day is already blessed, find peace within it.
1558 Napoleon Hill has the quote : You can do it if you believe you can!
1559 Alfred Painter has the quote : Saying thank you is more than good manners. It is good spirituality.
1560 unknown has the quote : Don't be pushed by your problems; be led by your dreams.
1561 Louisa Alcott has the quote : I'm not afraid of storms, for Im learning how to sail my ship.
1562 Bruce Lee has the quote : Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.
1563 Publilius Syrus has the quote : Better be ignorant of a matter than half know it.
1564 Alexander Pope has the quote : Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame.
1565 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : If you cannot be silent be brilliant and thoughtful.
1566 Zig Ziglar has the quote : Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
1567 Kenji Miyazawa has the quote : We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey.
1568 Man Ray has the quote : It has never been my object to record my dreams, just to realize them.
1569 Chinese proverb has the quote : A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials.
1570 Anne Schaef has the quote : Life is a process. We are a process. The universe is a process.
1571 George Eliot has the quote : It is never too late to be what you might have been.
1572 Cullen Hightower has the quote : When performance exceeds ambition, the overlap is called success.
1573 Buddha has the quote : Your worst enemy cannot harm you as much as your own unguarded thoughts.
1574 Pearl Buck has the quote : Growth itself contains the germ of happiness.
1575 Helen Keller has the quote : Keep yourself to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadow.
1576 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Everything you are against weakens you. Everything you are for empowers you.
1577 Frederick Douglass has the quote : If there is no struggle, there is no progress.
1578 Alice Walker has the quote : No person is your friend who demands your silence, or denies your right to grow.
1579 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : A really great talent finds its happiness in execution.
1580 Lao Tzu has the quote : He who conquers others is strong; He who conquers himself is mighty.
1581 Lao Tzu has the quote : An ant on the move does more than a dozing ox
1582 Jon Kabat-Zinn has the quote : You can't stop the waves, but you can learn to surf.
1583 unknown has the quote : Change your words. Change your world.
1584 Christopher Reeve has the quote : Once you choose hope, anythings possible.
1585 Richard Bach has the quote : Ask yourself the secret of your success. Listen to your answer, and practice it.
1586 Napoleon Hill has the quote : No man can succeed in a line of endeavor which he does not like.
1587 Anthony D'Angelo has the quote : Listen to your intuition. It will tell you everything you need to know.
1588 Seneca has the quote : No man was ever wise by chance.
1589 John Lennon has the quote : Time you enjoy wasting, was not wasted.
1590 George Patton has the quote : Accept challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory.
1591 unknown has the quote : Never be afraid to try, remember... Amateurs built the ark, Professionals built the Titanic.
1592 Oprah Winfrey has the quote : The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams.
1593 Winston Churchill has the quote : You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
1594 unknown has the quote : Some people think it's holding that makes one strong  sometimes it's letting go.
1595 John Wooden has the quote : Never mistake activity for achievement.
1596 Thomas Edison has the quote : If we did the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves.
1597 Ken S. Keyes has the quote : To be upset over what you don't have is to waste what you do have.
1598 Immanuel Kant has the quote : All our knowledge begins with the senses, proceeds then to the understanding, and ends with reason. There is nothing higher than reason.
1599 Daisaku Ikeda has the quote : The person who lives life fully, glowing with life's energy, is the person who lives a successful life.
1600 Buddha has the quote : Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it.
1601 Joseph Roux has the quote : A fine quotation is a diamond on the finger of a man of wit, and a pebble in the hand of a fool.
1602 James Barrie has the quote : We never understand how little we need in this world until we know the loss of it.
1603 Thich Nhat Hanh has the quote : The amount of happiness that you have depends on the amount of freedom you have in your heart.
1604 Tony Blair has the quote : Sometimes it is better to lose and do the right thing than to win and do the wrong thing.
1605 unknown has the quote : Courage is the discovery that you may not win, and trying when you know you can lose.
1606 Buddha has the quote : To keep the body in good health is a duty... otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.
1607 Leo Aikman has the quote : Blessed is the person who is too busy to worry in the daytime, and too sleepy to worry at night.
1608 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Today, give a stranger a smile without waiting for it may be the joy they need to have a great day.
1609 Confucius has the quote : When you see a man of worth, think of how you may emulate him. When you see one who is unworthy, examine yourself.
1610 Nathaniel Hawthorne has the quote : Happiness is as a butterfly which, when pursued, is always beyond our grasp, but which if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
1611 Confucius has the quote : When you meet someone better than yourself, turn your thoughts to becoming his equal. When you meet someone not as good as you are, look within and examine your own self.
1612 Margaret Smith has the quote : The right way is not always the popular and easy way. Standing for right when it is unpopular is a true test of moral character.
1613 John Dewey has the quote : Conflict is the gadfly of thought. It stirs us to observation and memory. It instigates to invention. It shocks us out of sheeplike passivity, and sets us at noting and contriving.
1614 unknown has the quote : Being right is highly overrated. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
1615 Albert Einstein has the quote : Peace cannot be kept by force. It can only be achieved by understanding.
1616 Publilius Syrus has the quote : Do not turn back when you are just at the goal.
1617 Sophocles has the quote : A short saying oft contains much wisdom.
1618 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : Difficulties increase the nearer we get to the goal.
1619 Abraham Lincoln has the quote : Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be
1620 Elbert Hubbard has the quote : To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.
1621 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Fears are nothing more than a state of mind.
1622 George Matthew Adams has the quote : Each day can be one of triumph if you keep up your interests.
1623 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Fate is in your hands and no one elses
1624 Jean-Paul Sartre has the quote : Freedom is what you do with what's been done to you.
1625 Pablo Picasso has the quote : Action is the foundational key to all success.
1626 Blaise Pascal has the quote : Kind words do not cost much. Yet they accomplish much.
1627 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : Great talent finds happiness in execution.
1628 Confucius has the quote : To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
1629 Lao Tzu has the quote : If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading.
1630 Ralph Marston has the quote : Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude.
1631 Richard Bach has the quote : Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.
1632 Tom Peters has the quote : Formula for success: under promise and over deliver.
1633 Charles Perkhurst has the quote : The heart has eyes which the brain knows nothing of.
1634 Confucius has the quote : To be wrong is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
1635 Confucius has the quote : The Superior Man is aware of Righteousness, the inferior man is aware of advantage.
1636 Publilius Syrus has the quote : A rolling stone gathers no moss.
1637 Mark Twain has the quote : A thing long expected takes the form of the unexpected when at last it comes.
1638 Buddha has the quote : Your body is precious. It is our vehicle for awakening. Treat it with care.
1639 Publilius Syrus has the quote : Better be ignorant of a matter than half know it.
1640 Goethe has the quote : What is not started today is never finished tomorrow.
1641 Lao Tzu has the quote : He who is contented is rich.
1642 Leo Buscaglia has the quote : Never idealize others. They will never live up to your expectations.
1643 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the universe.
1644 Dalai Lama has the quote : Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
1645 Peter Elbow has the quote : Meaning is not what you start with but what you end up with.
1646 unknown has the quote : Don't miss all the beautiful colors of the rainbow looking for that pot of gold.
1647 Sojourner Truth has the quote : Truth is powerful and it prevails.
1648 Jim Rohn has the quote : Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention.
1649 Shakti Gawain has the quote : The more light you allow within you, the brighter the world you live in will be.
1650 Toni Morrison has the quote : If you surrender to the wind, you can ride it.
1651 Tomas Eliot has the quote : Do not expect the world to look bright, if you habitually wear gray-brown glasses.
1652 George Sheehan has the quote : Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be.
1653 unknown has the quote : A bend in the road is not the end of the road...unless you fail to make the turn.
1654 Plato has the quote : Bodily exercise, when compulsory, does no harm to the body; but knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind.
1655 unknown has the quote : One who asks a question is a fool for five minutes; one who does not ask a question remains a fool forever.
1656 Epictetus has the quote : We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak.
1657 Ralph Waldo Emerson has the quote : A hero is no braver than an ordinary man, but he is braver five minutes longer.
1658 Alan Watts has the quote : No valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.
1659 William Channing has the quote : Difficulties are meant to rouse, not discourage. The human spirit is to grow strong by conflict.
1660 Thich Nhat Hanh has the quote : Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy.
1661 Vincent Lombardi has the quote : The spirit, the will to win, and the will to excel, are the things that endure. These qualities are so much more important than the events that occur.
1662 Og Mandino has the quote : I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.
1663 Dalai Lama has the quote : There is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies. My brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophy is kindness.
1664 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Wishes can be your best avenue of getting what you want when you turn wishes into action. Action moves your wish to the forefront from thought to reality.
1665 Buddha has the quote : In the sky, there is no distinction of east and west; people create distinctions out of their own minds and then believe them to be true.
1666 Epictetus has the quote : Not every difficult and dangerous thing is suitable for training, but only that which is conducive to success in achieving the object of our effort.
1667 Chuck Norris has the quote : A lot of times people look at the negative side of what they feel they can't do. I always look on the positive side of what I can do.
1668 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive  to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love.
1669 Confucius has the quote : When you meet someone better than yourself, turn your thoughts to becoming his equal. When you meet someone not as good as you are, look within and examine your own self.
1670 Thornton Wilder has the quote : My advice to you is not to inquire why or whither, but just enjoy your ice cream while its on your plate  that's my philosophy.
1671 William Arthur Ward has the quote : Four steps to achievement: Plan purposefully. Prepare prayerfully. Proceed positively. Pursue persistently.
1672 Arthur Conan Doyle has the quote : Whenever you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
1673 Cynthia Ozick has the quote : To want to be what one can be is purpose in life.
1674 Albert Einstein has the quote : Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.
1675 unknown has the quote : Put your future in good hands  your own.
1676 Louisa Alcott has the quote : I'm not afraid of storms, for Im learning how to sail my ship.
1677 Joseph Campbell has the quote : Your sacred space is where you can find yourself again and again.
1678 Confucius has the quote : Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
1679 Catherine Pulsifer has the quote : Being angry never solves anything.
1680 Henry Ford has the quote : If you think you can, you can. And if you think you can't, you're right.
1681 Tony Robbins has the quote : Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers.
1682 Honore de Balzac has the quote : When you doubt your power, you give power to your doubt.
1683 Publilius Syrus has the quote : Do not turn back when you are just at the goal.
1684 Tehyi Hsieh has the quote : Action will remove the doubts that theory cannot solve.
1685 Cynthia Ozick has the quote : To want to be what one can be is purpose in life.
1686 Walter Anderson has the quote : Nothing diminishes anxiety faster than action.
1687 Lao Tzu has the quote : The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
1688 Shunryu Suzuki has the quote : The most important point is to accept yourself and stand on your two feet.
1689 Anatole France has the quote : It is better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot.
1690 Gloria Steinem has the quote : If the shoe doesn't fit, must we change the foot?
1691 Abraham Lincoln has the quote : You have to do your own growing no matter how tall your grandfather was.
1692 Sigmund Freud has the quote : From error to error one discovers the entire truth.
1693 Marcel Proust has the quote : Let us be grateful to people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
1694 Blaise Pascal has the quote : Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world.
1695 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Everyone can taste success when the going is easy, but few know how to taste victory when times get tough.
1696 Hasidic saying has the quote : Everyone should carefully observe which way his heart draws him, and then choose that way with all his strength.
1697 Mother Teresa has the quote : Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.
1698 Ray Bradbury has the quote : Living at risk is jumping off the cliff and building your wings on the way down.
1699 unknown has the quote : A smile is a light in the window of your face to show your heart is at home.
1700 Leonardo Ruiz has the quote : The only difference between your abilities and others is the ability to put yourself in their shoes and actually try.
1701 Laurence J. Peter has the quote : There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought.
1702 Henri-Frederic Amiel has the quote : Work while you have the light. You are responsible for the talent that has been entrusted to you.
1703 Lao Tzu has the quote : By letting it go it all gets done. The world is won by those who let it go. But when you try and try. The world is beyond the winning.
1704 Buddha has the quote : Thousands of candles can be lit from a single, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
1705 Amy Bloom has the quote : Love at first sight is easy to understand; its when two people have been looking at each other for a lifetime that it becomes a miracle.
1706 John Dewey has the quote : Arriving at one point is the starting point to another.
1707 H. Jackson Browne has the quote : Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is.
1708 Richard Bach has the quote : Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.
1709 Dale Carnegie has the quote : When fate hands us a lemon, lets try to make lemonade.
1710 Dale Carnegie has the quote : Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
1711 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Truth isn't all about what actually happens but more about how what has happened is interpreted.
1712 Robert Stevenson has the quote : Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
1713 English proverb has the quote : Take heed: you do not find what you do not seek.
1714 Buddha has the quote : Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace.
1715 Bruce Lee has the quote : As you think, so shall you become.
1716 Leonardo da Vinci has the quote : Who sows virtue reaps honour.
1717 Pema Chodron has the quote : Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know.
1718 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Good luck is another name for tenacity of purpose.
1719 Margaret Bonnano has the quote : It is only possible to live happily ever after on a day to day basis.
1720 Arthur Conan Doyle has the quote : Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius.
1721 Benjamin Franklin has the quote : There never was a good knife made of bad steel.
1722 Jonathan Kozol has the quote : Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win.
1723 Mark Twain has the quote : Always tell the truth. That way, you don't have to remember what you said.
1724 Napoleon Bonaparte has the quote : He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat.
1725 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : Kindness is the golden chain by which society is bound together.
1726 Pablo Picasso has the quote : Action is the foundational key to all success.
1727 Ralph Waldo Emerson has the quote : Imagination is not a talent of some men but is the health of every man.
1728 Benjamin Franklin has the quote : Watch the little things; a small leak will sink a great ship.
1729 Albert Einstein has the quote : Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.
1730 Confucius has the quote : Reviewing what you have learned and learning anew, you are fit to be a teacher.
1731 Dalai Lama has the quote : Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
1732 Walter Lippmann has the quote : Ideals are an imaginative understanding of that which is desirable in that which is possible.
1733 Antoine de Saint-Exupery has the quote : I know but one freedom and that is the freedom of the mind.
1734 Mal Pancoast has the quote : The odds of hitting your target go up dramatically when you aim at it.
1735 Confucius has the quote : The superior man is satisfied and composed; the mean man is always full of distress.
1736 Leonardo da Vinci has the quote : Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence.
1737 unknown has the quote : All the flowers of all the tomorrows are in the seeds of today.
1738 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Happiness is found in doing, not merely possessing.
1739 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.
1740 Epictetus has the quote : Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly.
1741 Pierre Auguste Renoir has the quote : The pain passes, but the beauty remains.
1742 Dalai Lama has the quote : Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
1743 Buddha has the quote : If you light a lamp for somebody, it will also brighten your path.
1744 John Dewey has the quote : Without some goals and some efforts to reach it, no man can live.
1745 Alfred Sheinwold has the quote : Learn all you can from the mistakes of others. You won't have time to make them all yourself.
1746 George Allen has the quote : People of mediocre ability sometimes achieve outstanding success because they don't know when to quit. Most men succeed because they are determined to.
1747 Pablo Picasso has the quote : I am always doing that which I can not do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
1748 unknown has the quote : You may only be someone in the world, but to someone else, you may be the world.
1749 Ivy Baker Priest has the quote : The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be the beginning.
1750 Thomas Jefferson has the quote : I'm a great believer in luck and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it.
1751 Dhammapada has the quote : Do not give your attention to what others do or fail to do; give it to what you do or fail to do.
1752 Albert Einstein has the quote : I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best both for the body and the mind.
1753 Louis Pasteur has the quote : Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity
1754 Tony Robbins has the quote : The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives.
1755 Wayne Dyer has the quote : When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor. It's to enjoy each step along the way.
1756 Dalai Lama has the quote : The greatest antidote to insecurity and the sense of fear is compassion  it brings one back to the basis of one's inner strength
1757 Tenzin Gyatso has the quote : To be aware of a single shortcoming in oneself is more useful than to be aware of a thousand in someone else.
1758 John Wooden has the quote : You can't let praise or criticism get to you. It's a weakness to get caught up in either one.
1759 W. H. Auden has the quote : To choose what is difficult all ones days, as if it were easy, that is faith.
1760 Ajahn Chah has the quote : If you let go a little, you will have a little peace. If you let go a lot, you will have a lot of peace.
1761 Jean-Paul Sartre has the quote : Man is not sum of what he has already, but rather the sum of what he does not yet have, of what he could have.
1762 Richard Bach has the quote : Don't believe what your eyes are telling you. All they show is limitation. Look with your understanding, find out what you already know, and you'll see the way to fly.
1763 Oprah Winfrey has the quote : Although there may be tragedy in your life, there's always a possibility to triumph. It doesn't matter who you are, where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you. Always.
1764 Ingrid Bergman has the quote : You must train your intuition  you must trust the small voice inside you which tells you exactly what to say, what to decide.
1765 Marie Curie has the quote : Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.
1766 Tomas Eliot has the quote : Do not expect the world to look bright, if you habitually wear gray-brown glasses.
1767 Martha Washington has the quote : The greatest part of our happiness depends on our dispositions, not our circumstances.
1768 Elizabeth Browning has the quote : Love doesn't make the world go round, love is what makes the ride worthwhile.
1769 Goethe has the quote : A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart.
1770 Franklin Roosevelt has the quote : When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.
1771 Buddha has the quote : Always be mindful of the kindness and not the faults of others.
1772 Henry Ford has the quote : If you think you can, you can. And if you think you can't, you're right.
1773 Abraham Lincoln has the quote : I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends.
1774 Albert Schweitzer has the quote : Do something wonderful, people may imitate it.
1775 Walter Anderson has the quote : Nothing diminishes anxiety faster than action.
1776 Lao Tzu has the quote : He who talks more is sooner exhausted.
1777 Albert Einstein has the quote : We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.
1778 Buddha has the quote : A jug fills drop by drop.
1779 Christopher Reeve has the quote : Once you choose hope, anythings possible.
1780 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : Everything that exists is in a manner the seed of that which will be.
1781 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.
1782 Buddha has the quote : Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace.
1783 Murray Gell-Mann has the quote : Think how hard physics would be if particles could think.
1784 Jean-Paul Sartre has the quote : Freedom is what you do with what's been done to you.
1785 Buddha has the quote : Work out your own salvation. Do not depend on others.
1786 Publilius Syrus has the quote : Do not turn back when you are just at the goal.
1787 Felix Adler has the quote : The truth which has made us free will in the end make us glad also.
1788 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Build a better mousetrap and the world will beat a path to your door.
1789 Abraham Lincoln has the quote : As our case is new, we must think and act anew.
1790 Franz Liszt has the quote : Beware of missing chances; otherwise it may be altogether too late some day.
1791 J. Willard Marriott has the quote : Good timber does not grow with ease; the stronger the wind, the stronger the trees.
1792 Lululemon has the quote : Your outlook on life is a direct reflection on how much you like yourself.
1793 Winston Churchill has the quote : The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
1794 Sophocles has the quote : A short saying often contains much wisdom.
1795 Abraham Lincoln has the quote : Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.
1796 unknown has the quote : You can do what's reasonable or you can decide what's possible.
1797 Winston Churchill has the quote : You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
1798 Jason Fried has the quote : No is easier to do. Yes is easier to say.
1799 Dalai Lama has the quote : I believe that we are fundamentally the same and have the same basic potential.
1800 Voltaire has the quote : The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us.
1801 Confucius has the quote : The more you know yourself, the more you forgive yourself.
1802 Ovid has the quote : The cause is hidden. The effect is visible to all.
1803 Tom Krause has the quote : There are no failures. Just experiences and your reactions to them.
1804 Donald Trump has the quote : As long as your going to be thinking anyway, think big.
1805 George Orwell has the quote : Myths which are believed in tend to become true.
1806 George Eliot has the quote : It is never too late to be what you might have been.
1807 Epictetus has the quote : Men are disturbed not by things, but by the view which they take of them.
1808 Chalmers has the quote : The grand essentials of happiness are: something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.
1809 Dalai Lama has the quote : I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe.
1810 Julie Morgenstern has the quote : Some people thrive on huge, dramatic change. Some people prefer the slow and steady route. Do what's right for you.
1811 unknown has the quote : Peace of mind is not the absence of conflict from life, but the ability to cope with it.
1812 Pema Chodron has the quote : If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher.
1813 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Courage is not about taking risks unknowingly but putting your own being in front of challenges that others may not be able to.
1814 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : To be thoughtful and kind only takes a few seconds compared to the timeless hurt caused by one rude gesture.
1815 Dalai Lama has the quote : Genuine love should first be directed at oneself  if we do not love ourselves, how can we love others?
1816 Michel de Montaigne has the quote : I care not so much what I am to others as what I am to myself. I will be rich by myself, and not by borrowing.
1817 Richard Bach has the quote : Don't believe what your eyes are telling you. All they show is limitation. Look with your understanding, find out what you already know, and you'll see the way to fly.
1818 John Kennedy has the quote : Let us resolve to be masters, not the victims, of our history, controlling our own destiny without giving way to blind suspicions and emotions.
1819 Albert Einstein has the quote : If A is success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut.
1820 James Oppenheim has the quote : The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance, the wise grows it under his feet.
1821 Margaret Bonnano has the quote : It is only possible to live happily ever after on a day to day basis.
1822 Charles Kettering has the quote : One fails forward toward success.
1823 Toni Morrison has the quote : If you surrender to the wind, you can ride it.
1824 Tony Robbins has the quote : The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment.
1825 unknown has the quote : A good rest is half the work.
1826 Soren Kierkegaard has the quote : To dare is to lose ones footing momentarily. To not dare is to lose oneself.
1827 Lao Tzu has the quote : He who talks more is sooner exhausted.
1828 Lawrence Peter has the quote : If you don't know where you are going, you will probably end up somewhere else.
1829 Dorothy Thompson has the quote : Only when we are no longer afraid do we begin to live.
1830 Oprah Winfrey has the quote : The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams.
1831 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Opportunity often comes disguised in the form of misfortune, or temporary defeat.
1832 Thomas Edison has the quote : If we did the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves.
1833 Walter Anderson has the quote : Nothing diminishes anxiety faster than action.
1834 Lululemon has the quote : Your outlook on life is a direct reflection on how much you like yourself.
1835 unknown has the quote : Every day may not be good, but there's something good in every day.
1836 Jonathan Kozol has the quote : Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win.
1837 Robert Heller has the quote : Never ignore a gut feeling, but never believe that it's enough.
1838 Jonas Salk has the quote : Intuition will tell the thinking mind where to look next.
1839 Walter Lippmann has the quote : Where all think alike, no one thinks very much.
1840 Lawrence Peter has the quote : If you don't know where you are going, you will probably end up somewhere else.
1841 Goethe has the quote : A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart.
1842 Victor Hugo has the quote : An invasion of armies can be resisted, but not an idea whose time has come.
1843 Thomas Paine has the quote : The most formidable weapon against errors of every kind is reason.
1844 Confucius has the quote : To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
1845 Swedish proverb has the quote : Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow.
1846 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : The secret of success is constancy to purpose.
1847 Albert Einstein has the quote : When the solution is simple, God is answering.
1848 Channing has the quote : Error is discipline through which we advance.
1849 Haddon Robinson has the quote : What worries you masters you.
1850 John Lennon has the quote : Time you enjoy wasting, was not wasted.
1851 Dalai Lama has the quote : Remember that sometimes not getting what you want is a wonderful stroke of luck.
1852 Winston Churchill has the quote : Short words are best and the old words when short are best of all.
1853 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : Ignorance never settle a question.
1854 Thomas Edison has the quote : Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
1855 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : Look back over the past, with its changing empires that rose and fell, and you can foresee the future, too.
1856 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : If it is not right do not do it; if it is not true do not say it.
1857 Mark Twain has the quote : Happiness is a Swedish sunset  it is there for all, but most of us look the other way and lose it.
1858 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Responsibility is not inherited, it is a choice that everyone needs to make at some point in their life.
1859 Niccolo Machiavelli has the quote : Men in general judge more from appearances than from reality. All men have eyes, but few have the gift of penetration.
1860 Buddha has the quote : To keep the body in good health is a duty... otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.
1861 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Responsibility is not inherited, it is a choice that everyone needs to make at some point in their life.
1862 Remez Sasson has the quote : You get peace of mind not by thinking about it or imagining it, but by quietening and relaxing the restless mind.
1863 Buddha has the quote : You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
1864 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Do not be too timid and squeamish about your reactions. All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better.
1865 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it.
1866 Herbert Swope has the quote : I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: which is: Try to please everybody.
1867 unknown has the quote : One who asks a question is a fool for five minutes; one who does not ask a question remains a fool forever.
1868 Lao Tzu has the quote : All difficult things have their origin in that which is easy, and great things in that which is small.
1869 Doris Mortman has the quote : Until you make peace with who you are, you will never be content with what you have.
1870 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : To give hope to someone occurs when you teach them how to use the tools to do it for themselves.
1871 Ralph Blum has the quote : Nothing is predestined: The obstacles of your past can become the gateways that lead to new beginnings.
1872 Aldous Huxley has the quote : Experience is not what happens to a man. It is what a man does with what happens to him.
1873 Albert Einstein has the quote : A man should look for what is, and not for what he thinks should be.
1874 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
1875 Thich Nhat Hanh has the quote : To be beautiful means to be yourself. You dont need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself.
1876 Pearl Buck has the quote : The secret of joy in work is contained in one word  excellence. To know how to do something well is to enjoy it.
1877 Victor Frankl has the quote : Everything can be taken from a man but ... the last of the human freedoms  to choose ones attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose ones own way.
1878 Robert Fulghum has the quote : If you break your neck, if you have nothing to eat, if your house is on fire, then you got a problem. Everything else is inconvenience.
1879 Walter Anderson has the quote : Nothing diminishes anxiety faster than action.
1880 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : The secret of success is constancy to purpose.
1881 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action.
1882 Tony Robbins has the quote : It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.
1883 Japanese proverb has the quote : The day you decide to do it is your lucky day.
1884 Mohandas Gandhi has the quote : Freedom is not worth having if it does not connote freedom to err.
1885 Albert Einstein has the quote : When the solution is simple, God is answering.
1886 Robert Stevenson has the quote : Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant.
1887 Chinese proverb has the quote : Talk doesn't cook rice.
1888 Albert Einstein has the quote : The only real valuable thing is intuition.
1889 Richard Whately has the quote : Lose an hour in the morning, and you will spend all day looking for it.
1890 William James has the quote : Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
1891 Buddha has the quote : Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth.
1892 Socrates has the quote : Be as you wish to seem.
1893 C. Pulsifer has the quote : When anger use your energy to do something productive.
1894 Buddha has the quote : Always be mindful of the kindness and not the faults of others.
1895 Turkish proverb has the quote : Kind words will unlock an iron door.
1896 Robert Frost has the quote : In three words I can sum up everything Ive learned about life: it goes on.
1897 Sigmund Freud has the quote : From error to error one discovers the entire truth.
1898 Tony Robbins has the quote : You always succeed in producing a result.
1899 Albert Einstein has the quote : Feeling and longing are the motive forces behind all human endeavor and human creations.
1900 Eleanor Roosevelt has the quote : No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
1901 Mahatma Gandhi has the quote : Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.
1902 Anthony Robbins has the quote : The path to success is to take massive, determined action.
1903 Ralph Waldo Emerson has the quote : It is only when the mind and character slumber that the dress can be seen.
1904 unknown has the quote : Every day may not be good, but there's something good in every day.
1905 Tony Robbins has the quote : It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.
1906 Donald Trump has the quote : You have to think anyway, so why not think big?
1907 Seneca has the quote : If one does not know to which port is sailing, no wind is favorable.
1908 Frances de Sales has the quote : Nothing is so strong as gentleness. Nothing is so gentle as real strength.
1909 Eckhart Tolle has the quote : Whenever something negative happens to you, there is a deep lesson concealed within it.
1910 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Everything is perfect in the universe  even your desire to improve it.
1911 unknown has the quote : It's easier to see the mistakes on someone else's paper.
1912 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
1913 Jon Kabat-Zinn has the quote : You can't stop the waves, but you can learn to surf.
1914 Pema Chodron has the quote : Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know.
1915 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Fate is in your hands and no one elses
1916 Plutarch has the quote : Know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly.
1917 unknown has the quote : We all have problems. The way we solve them is what makes us different.
1918 Socrates has the quote : The greatest way to live with honour in this world is to be what we pretend to be.
1919 Cervantes has the quote : Be slow of tongue and quick of eye.
1920 John Dryden has the quote : A thing well said will be wit in all languages.
1921 Albert Einstein has the quote : God always takes the simplest way.
1922 Buddha has the quote : Chaos is inherent in all compounded things. Strive on with diligence.
1923 Carl Jung has the quote : Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.
1924 George Eliot has the quote : It is never too late to be what you might have been.
1925 Kin Hubbard has the quote : You won't skid if you stay in a rut.
1926 Nikos Kazantzakis has the quote : By believing passionately in something that does not yet exist, we create it.
1927 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Give thanks for the rain of life that propels us to reach new horizons.
1928 Simone Weil has the quote : Liberty, taking the word in its concrete sense, consists in the ability to choose.
1929 Lao Tzu has the quote : The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
1930 Napoleon Hill has the quote : The ladder of success is never crowded at the top.
1931 Rene Descartes has the quote : The greatest minds are capable of the greatest vices as well as of the greatest virtues.
1932 Napoleon Hill has the quote : When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve.
1933 Lao Tzu has the quote : If you would take, you must first give, this is the beginning of intelligence.
1934 Ymber Delecto has the quote : The time you think you're missing, misses you too.
1935 Bernard Shaw has the quote : We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.
1936 Naomi Williams has the quote : It is impossible to feel grateful and depressed in the same moment.
1937 Tryon Edwards has the quote : He that never changes his opinions, never corrects his mistakes, and will never be wiser on the morrow than he is today.
1938 Richard Braunstein has the quote : He who obtains has little. He who scatters has much.
1939 Saint Augustine has the quote : Patience is the companion of wisdom.
1940 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Ideas are the beginning points of all fortunes.
1941 Anthony Robbins has the quote : The path to success is to take massive, determined action.
1942 Edward Young has the quote : On every thorn, delightful wisdom grows, In every rill a sweet instruction flows.
1943 Charles Perkhurst has the quote : The heart has eyes which the brain knows nothing of.
1944 Gordon Hinckley has the quote : Our kindness may be the most persuasive argument for that which we believe.
1945 Lao Tzu has the quote : He who talks more is sooner exhausted.
1946 Oliver Holmes has the quote : What lies behind us and what lies before us are small matters compared to what lies within us.
1947 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Real magic in relationships means an absence of judgement of others.
1948 Confucius has the quote : They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom.
1949 James Oppenheim has the quote : The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance, the wise grows it under his feet.
1950 Gordon Hinckley has the quote : Our kindness may be the most persuasive argument for that which we believe.
1951 Michael Vance has the quote : Life is not measured by the breaths you take, but by its breathtaking moments.
1952 Virgil has the quote : They can do all because they think they can.
1953 Seneca has the quote : No man was ever wise by chance.
1954 Richard Bach has the quote : The meaning I picked, the one that changed my life: Overcome fear, behold wonder.
1955 Edmond Rostand has the quote : A man is not old as long as he is seeking something.
1956 Bruce Lee has the quote : If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of.
1957 Buddha has the quote : All that we are is the result of what we have thought. The mind is everything. What we think we become.
1958 Buddha has the quote : Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without.
1959 Paulo Coelho has the quote : Write your plans in pencil and give God the eraser.
1960 Elizabeth Browning has the quote : Light tomorrow with today!
1961 Sophocles has the quote : Much wisdom often goes with fewer words.
1962 Louisa Alcott has the quote : I'm not afraid of storms, for Im learning how to sail my ship.
1963 Frederick Wilcox has the quote : Progress always involves risks. You can't steal second base and keep your foot on first.
1964 Harriet Beecher Stowe has the quote : All serious daring starts from within.
1965 Samuel Taylor Coleridge has the quote : Imagination is the living power and prime agent of all human perception.
1966 Walt Emerson has the quote : What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
1967 Richard Bach has the quote : Bad things are not the worst things that can happen to us. Nothing is the worst thing that can happen to us!
1968 Luisa Sigea has the quote : Blaze with the fire that is never extinguished.
1969 Abraham Lincoln has the quote : Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.
1970 Mohandas Gandhi has the quote : The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
1971 William James has the quote : Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
1972 Napoleon Bonaparte has the quote : Victory belongs to the most persevering.
1973 unknown has the quote : A friend is someone who understands your past, believes in your future, and accepts you just the way you are.
1974 Tom Krause has the quote : There are no failures  just experiences and your reactions to them.
1975 Buddha has the quote : If you light a lamp for somebody, it will also brighten your path.
1976 unknown has the quote : Nobody can do everything, but everybody can do something.
1977 unknown has the quote : If you come to a fork in the road, take it.
1978 Buddha has the quote : Your work is to discover your work and then with all your heart to give yourself to it.
1979 unknown has the quote : If we are facing in the right direction, all we have to do is keep on walking.
1980 Buddha has the quote : There are only two mistakes one can make along the road to truth; not going all the way, and not starting.
1981 Leonardo Ruiz has the quote : The only difference between your abilities and others is the ability to put yourself in their shoes and actually try.
1982 Anatole France has the quote : To accomplish great things, we must dream as well as act.
1983 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Truth isn't all about what actually happens but more about how what has happened is interpreted.
1984 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : The greatest good you can do for another is not just share your riches, but reveal to them their own.
1985 Anatole France has the quote : To accomplish great things, we must dream as well as act.
1986 Oscar Wilde has the quote : Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.
1987 Buddha has the quote : Thousands of candles can be lit from a single, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
1988 Henry Ward Beecher has the quote : Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures.
1989 Aristotle has the quote : Those that know, do. Those that understand, teach.
1990 Seneca has the quote : The conditions of conquest are always easy. We have but to toil awhile, endure awhile, believe always, and never turn back.
1991 Heraclitus has the quote : You cannot step twice into the same river, for other waters are continually flowing in.
1992 Booker Washington has the quote : Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way.
1993 Pablo Picasso has the quote : I begin with an idea and then it becomes something else.
1994 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : Difficulties increase the nearer we get to the goal.
1995 Robert Louis Stevenson has the quote : There is no duty we so underrate as the duty of being happy. By being happy we sow anonymous benefits upon the world.
1996 Sai Baba has the quote : What is new in the world? Nothing. What is old in the world? Nothing. Everything has always been and will always be.
1997 Mary Wollstonecraft has the quote : The beginning is always today.
1998 Arthur Schopenhauer has the quote : Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world.
1999 Forrest Church has the quote : Do what you can. Want what you have. Be who you are.
2000 Isaac Asimov has the quote : A subtle thought that is in error may yet give rise to fruitful inquiry that can establish truths of great value.
2001 Mahatma Gandhi has the quote : Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.
2002 Etty Hillesum has the quote : Sometimes the most important thing in a whole day is the rest we take between two deep breaths.
2003 Sam Levenson has the quote : It's so simple to be wise. Just think of something stupid to say and then don't say it.
2004 Leo Buscaglia has the quote : Never idealize others. They will never live up to your expectations.
2005 Barbara Baron has the quote : Don't wait for your feelings to change to take the action. Take the action and your feelings will change.
2006 Helen Keller has the quote : Face your deficiencies and acknowledge them; but do not let them master you. Let them teach you patience, sweetness, insight.
2007 Friedrich von Schiller has the quote : Keep true to the dreams of thy youth.
2008 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life.
2009 Thich Nhat Hanh has the quote : May our hearts garden of awakening bloom with hundreds of flowers.
2010 Napoleon Hill has the quote : If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.
2011 Thornton Wilder has the quote : We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures.
2012 Barack Obama has the quote : If you're walking down the right path and you're willing to keep walking, eventually you'll make progress.
2013 Epictetus has the quote : It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters.
2014 Woody Guthrie has the quote : Take it easy  but take it.
2015 Benjamin Franklin has the quote : Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other.
2016 Mabel Newcomber has the quote : It is more important to know where you are going than to get there quickly. Do not mistake activity for achievement.
2017 Henry Thoreau has the quote : The only way to tell the truth is to speak with kindness. Only the words of a loving man can be heard.
2018 Henry Longfellow has the quote : He that respects himself is safe from others; he wears a coat of mail that none can pierce.
2019 Jessamyn West has the quote : It is very easy to forgive others their mistakes; it takes more grit to forgive them for having witnessed your own.
2020 Henry Thoreau has the quote : Things do not change, we change.
2021 Mohandas Gandhi has the quote : Forgiveness is choosing to love. It is the first skill of self-giving love.
2022 Frances de Sales has the quote : Nothing is so strong as gentleness. Nothing is so gentle as real strength.
2023 Charles Perkhurst has the quote : The heart has eyes which the brain knows nothing of.
2024 Confucius has the quote : Fine words and an insinuating appearance are seldom associated with true virtue
2025 Robert Frost has the quote : The best way out is always through.
2026 Anais Nin has the quote : The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery. There is always more mystery.
2027 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for truth.
2028 Antoine de Saint-Exupery has the quote : It is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye.
2029 Oliver Holmes has the quote : We do not quit playing because we grow old, we grow old because we quit playing.
2030 Napoleon Hill has the quote : The world has the habit of making room for the man whose actions show that he knows where he is going.
2031 John Ruskin has the quote : Quality is never an accident; it is always the result of intelligent effort.
2032 Jason Fried has the quote : No is easier to do. Yes is easier to say.
2033 Confucius has the quote : To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
2034 unknown has the quote : Most smiles are started by another smile.
2035 Murray Gell-Mann has the quote : Think how hard physics would be if particles could think.
2036 Blaise Pascal has the quote : Man is equally incapable of seeing the nothingness from which he emerges and the infinity in which he is engulfed.
2037 Lauren Bacall has the quote : Imagination is the highest kite one can fly.
2038 Wayne Dyer has the quote : You can't choose up sides on a round world.
2039 Lao Tzu has the quote : He who conquers others is strong; He who conquers himself is mighty.
2040 Niels Bohr has the quote : How wonderful that we have met with a paradox. Now we have some hope of making progress.
2041 Og Mandino has the quote : Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
2042 Maya Angelou has the quote : All great achievements require time.
2043 Buddha has the quote : No matter how hard the past, you can always begin again.
2044 Ed Cunningham has the quote : Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer.
2045 Aristotle has the quote : It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
2046 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit.
2047 William James has the quote : Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
2048 Walter Lippmann has the quote : Where all think alike, no one thinks very much.
2049 Lao Tzu has the quote : Nothing is softer or more flexible than water, yet nothing can resist it.
2050 unknown has the quote : When you don't know what you believe, everything becomes an argument. Everything is debatable. But when you stand for something, decisions are obvious.
2051 Richard Bach has the quote : The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it.
2052 Forrest Gump has the quote : My mama always said: life's like a box of chocolate  you never know what you gonna get.
2053 Cervantes has the quote : Be slow of tongue and quick of eye.
2054 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Someone is special only if you tell them.
2055 Mortimer Adler has the quote : The purpose of learning is growth, and our minds, unlike our bodies, can continue growing as we continue to live.
2056 John Berry has the quote : The bird of paradise alights only upon the hand that does not grasp.
2057 Buddha has the quote : Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life.
2058 Anais Nin has the quote : Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age.
2059 Charlotte Gilman has the quote : Let us revere, let us worship, but erect and open-eyed, the highest, not the lowest; the future, not the past!
2060 Dalai Lama has the quote : It is difficult to achieve a spirit of genuine cooperation as long as people remain indifferent to the feelings and happiness of others.
2061 Channing has the quote : Error is discipline through which we advance.
2062 Mark Twain has the quote : Whoever is happy will make others happy, too.
2063 Edward Gibbon has the quote : The winds and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators.
2064 unknown has the quote : Someone remembers, someone cares; your name is whispered in someone's prayers.
2065 Albert Einstein has the quote : God always takes the simplest way.
2066 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : The universe is transformation; our life is what our thoughts make it.
2067 Thomas Fuller has the quote : No garden is without its weeds.
2068 Catherine Pulsifer has the quote : You can adopt the attitude there is nothing you can do, or you can see the challenge as your call to action.
2069 Mark Twain has the quote : Whoever is happy will make others happy, too.
2070 Anatole France has the quote : To accomplish great things, we must dream as well as act.
2071 Mark Twain has the quote : The exercise of an extraordinary gift is the supremest pleasure in life.
2072 Mark Twain has the quote : The exercise of an extraordinary gift is the supremest pleasure in life.
2073 unknown has the quote : A man is not where he lives but where he loves.
2074 Moliere has the quote : It is not only for what we do that we are held responsible, but also for what we do not do.
2075 Gordon Hinckley has the quote : Our kindness may be the most persuasive argument for that which we believe.
2076 Albert Schweitzer has the quote : We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.
2077 Confucius has the quote : What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others.
2078 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Edison failed 10,000 times before he made the electric light. Do not be discouraged if you fail a few times.
2079 Epictetus has the quote : Men are disturbed not by things, but by the view which they take of them.
2080 Thomas Edison has the quote : The first requisite for success is the ability to apply your physical and mental energies to one problem incessantly without growing weary.
2081 Albert Schweitzer has the quote : We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.
2082 Michelangelo has the quote : There is no greater harm than that of time wasted.
2083 Joe Paterno has the quote : Believe deep down in your heart that you're destined to do great things.
2084 Epictetus has the quote : Nature gave us one tongue and two ears so we could hear twice as much as we speak.
2085 Rene Descartes has the quote : The greatest minds are capable of the greatest vices as well as of the greatest virtues.
2086 Chanakya has the quote : A man is great by deeds, not by birth.
2087 Thich Nhat Hanh has the quote : May our hearts garden of awakening bloom with hundreds of flowers.
2088 Henry Longfellow has the quote : He that respects himself is safe from others; he wears a coat of mail that none can pierce.
2089 Lin-yutang has the quote : I have done my best: that is about all the philosophy of living one needs.
2090 Ovid has the quote : Take rest; a field that has rested gives a bountiful crop.
2091 Coco Chanel has the quote : There are people who have money and people who are rich.
2092 unknown has the quote : Why worry about tomorrow, when today is all we have?
2093 Ambrose Bierce has the quote : Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret.
2094 Anatole France has the quote : To accomplish great things, we must dream as well as act.
2095 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : You can be what you want to be. You have the power within and we will help you always.
2096 Lao Tzu has the quote : He who knows himself is enlightened.
2097 Jean Lacordaire has the quote : We are the leaves of one branch, the drops of one sea, the flowers of one garden.
2098 Charles Swindoll has the quote : Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
2099 unknown has the quote : As the rest of the world is walking out the door, your best friends are the ones walking in.
2100 William Londen has the quote : To ensure good health: eat lightly, breathe deeply, live moderately, cultivate cheerfulness, and maintain an interest in life.
2101 Franklin Roosevelt has the quote : The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
2102 Henri Bergson has the quote : To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly.
2103 Edmond Rostand has the quote : A man is not old as long as he is seeking something.
2104 Edwin Chapin has the quote : Every action of our lives touches on some chord that will vibrate in eternity.
2105 Old German proverb has the quote : You have to take it as it happens, but you should try to make it happen the way you want to take it.
2106 Thornton Wilder has the quote : We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures.
2107 Lao Tzu has the quote : Be the chief but never the lord.
2108 Honore de Balzac has the quote : The smallest flower is a thought, a life answering to some feature of the Great Whole, of whom they have a persistent intuition.
2109 Rumi has the quote : Everyone has been made for some particular work, and the desire for that work has been put in every heart.
2110 Ovid has the quote : Chance is always powerful. Let your hook be always cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish.
2111 Aristotle has the quote : Happiness depends upon ourselves.
2112 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : I may not know everything, but everything is not known yet anyway.
2113 Henry David Thoreau has the quote : If one advances confidently in the direction of his dream, and endeavours to live the life which he had imagines, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.
2114 Albert Einstein has the quote : Peace cannot be kept by force. It can only be achieved by understanding.
2115 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : Wherever a man may happen to turn, whatever a man may undertake, he will always end up by returning to the path which nature has marked out for him.
2116 Wayne Dyer has the quote : There is no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love; theres only scarcity of resolve to make it happen.
2117 Carl Jung has the quote : In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order.
2118 Washington Irving has the quote : Love is never lost. If not reciprocated, it will flow back and soften and purify the heart.
2119 Havelock Ellis has the quote : It is on our failures that we base a new and different and better success.
2120 Richard Bach has the quote : The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it.
2121 Buddha has the quote : He who experiences the unity of life sees his own Self in all beings, and all beings in his own Self, and looks on everything with an impartial eye.
2122 Bruce Lee has the quote : Take things as they are. Punch when you have to punch. Kick when you have to kick.
2123 Richard Garriott has the quote : Chaos and Order are not enemies, only opposites.
2124 unknown has the quote : Don't wait for people to be friendly. Show them how.
2125 M. Scott Peck has the quote : Until you value yourself, you won't value your time. Until you value your time, you won't do anything with it.
2126 Haynes Bayly has the quote : Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
2127 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Everything you are against weakens you. Everything you are for empowers you.
2128 Pablo Picasso has the quote : Inspiration exists, but it has to find us working.
2129 Dorothy Thompson has the quote : Only when we are no longer afraid do we begin to live.
2130 Wit has the quote : We choose our destiny in the way we treat others.
2131 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Strength to carry on despite the odds means you have faith in your own abilities and know how.
2132 Vince Lombardi has the quote : Leaders aren't born they are made. And they are made just like anything else, through hard work. And that's the price well have to pay to achieve that goal, or any goal.
2133 Lao Tzu has the quote : At the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want.
2134 Catherine Pulsifer has the quote : Rather than wishing for change, you first must be prepared to change.
2135 Napoleon Hill has the quote : First comes thought; then organization of that thought, into ideas and plans; then transformation of those plans into reality. The beginning, as you will observe, is in your imagination.
2136 Richard Bach has the quote : Every gift from a friend is a wish for your happiness.
2137 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you.
2138 Mother Teresa has the quote : Peace begins with a smile.
2139 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Real magic in relationships means an absence of judgement of others.
2140 Helen Keller has the quote : No pessimist ever discovered the secrets of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new heaven to the human spirit.
2141 Dalai Lama has the quote : The most important thing is transforming our minds, for a new way of thinking, a new outlook: we should strive to develop a new inner world.
2142 Charlotte Perkins Gilman has the quote : The first duty of a human being is to assume the right functional relationship to society  more briefly, to find your real job, and do it.
2143 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : We make our own fortunes and we call them fate.
2144 Aristotle has the quote : It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
2145 Confucius has the quote : To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
2146 Leonardo da Vinci has the quote : I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do.
2147 Hannah More has the quote : Obstacles are those things you see when you take your eyes off the goal.
2148 Bruce Lee has the quote : Take things as they are. Punch when you have to punch. Kick when you have to kick.
2149 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : In the end we retain from our studies only that which we practically apply.
2150 Aristotle has the quote : We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act but a habit.
2151 Oscar Wilde has the quote : Anybody can make history. Only a great man can write it.
2152 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Responsibility is not inherited, it is a choice that everyone needs to make at some point in their life.
2153 Paulo Coelho has the quote : Write your plans in pencil and give God the eraser.
2154 Mother Teresa has the quote : We can do no great things, only small things with great love.
2155 Sun Tzu has the quote : You have to believe in yourself.
2156 Abraham Lincoln has the quote : I walk slowly, but I never walk backward.
2157 Sojourner Truth has the quote : Truth is powerful and it prevails.
2158 Sai Baba has the quote : What is new in the world? Nothing. What is old in the world? Nothing. Everything has always been and will always be.
2159 Moncure Conway has the quote : The best thing in every noble dream is the dreamer...
2160 William White has the quote : I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today.
2161 Chinese proverb has the quote : If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape one hundred days of sorrow.
2162 unknown has the quote : When you lose, don't lose the lesson.
2163 Catherine Pulsifer has the quote : You can adopt the attitude there is nothing you can do, or you can see the challenge as your call to action.
2164 Chinese proverb has the quote : Tension is who you think you should be. Relaxation is who you are.
2165 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Each man has his own vocation; his talent is his call. There is one direction in which all space is open to him.
2166 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Time is not a measure the length of a day or month or year but more a measure of what you have accomplished.
2167 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Complaining doesn't change a thing only taking action does.
2168 Murray Gell-Mann has the quote : Think how hard physics would be if particles could think.
2169 John Lubbock has the quote : A day of worry is more exhausting than a day of work.
2170 Ralph Emerson has the quote : To be great is to be misunderstood.
2171 Anne Frank has the quote : Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a persons character lies in their own hands.
2172 Mary Kay Ash has the quote : Those who are blessed with the most talent don't necessarily outperform everyone else. It's the people with follow-through who excel.
2173 Dhammapada has the quote : Do not give your attention to what others do or fail to do; give it to what you do or fail to do.
2174 Mark Twain has the quote : Always tell the truth. That way, you don't have to remember what you said.
2175 Chuck Norris has the quote : A lot of people give up just before theyre about to make it. You know you never know when that next obstacle is going to be the last one.
2176 William Yeats has the quote : Think as a wise man but communicate in the language of the people.
2177 Tom Lehrer has the quote : Life is like a sewer. What you get out of it depends on what you put into it.
2178 Maori proverb has the quote : Turn your face toward the sun and the shadows will fall behind you.
2179 Dalai Lama has the quote : If we have a positive mental attitude, then even when surrounded by hostility, we shall not lack inner peace.
2180 Napoleon Hill has the quote : No man can succeed in a line of endeavor which he does not like.
2181 Francis Bacon has the quote : A prudent question is one half of wisdom.
2182 unknown has the quote : Don't let what you can't do stop you from doing what you can do.
2183 Anne Lamott has the quote : Joy is the best makeup.
2184 John Dewey has the quote : Every great advance in science has issued from a new audacity of the imagination.
2185 George Orwell has the quote : Myths which are believed in tend to become true.
2186 Og Mandino has the quote : Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity.
2187 Mahatma Gandhi has the quote : Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.
2188 Mother Teresa has the quote : Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
2189 Bernice Reagon has the quote : Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyse you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are.
2190 Oprah Winfrey has the quote : Although there may be tragedy in your life, there's always a possibility to triumph. It doesn't matter who you are, where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you. Always.
2191 William Shakespeare has the quote : All the world is a stage, And all the men and women merely players.They have their exits and entrances; Each man in his time plays many parts.
2192 Ella Fitzgerald has the quote : It isn't where you come from, it's where you're going that counts.
2193 James Yorke has the quote : The most successful people are those who are good at plan B.
2194 Frances de Sales has the quote : Nothing is so strong as gentleness. Nothing is so gentle as real strength.
2195 Danielle Ingrum has the quote : Give it all you've got because you never know if there's going to be a next time.
2196 Buddha has the quote : In separateness lies the world's great misery, in compassion lies the world's true strength.
2197 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life.
2198 Voltaire has the quote : The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us.
2199 Eriksson has the quote : The greatest barrier to success is the fear of failure.
2200 African proverb has the quote : When there is no enemy within, the enemies outside cannot hurt you.
2201 Robert Schuller has the quote : As we grow as unique persons, we learn to respect the uniqueness of others.
2202 unknown has the quote : Don't let today's disappointments cast a shadow on tomorrow's dreams.
2203 Pearl Buck has the quote : You cannot make yourself feel something you do not feel, but you can make yourself do right in spite of your feelings.
2204 Henry Moore has the quote : There is no retirement for an artist, it's your way of living so there is no end to it.
2205 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Everything in the universe goes by indirection. There are no straight lines.
2206 Buddha has the quote : Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned.
2207 Mohandas Gandhi has the quote : Freedom is not worth having if it does not connote freedom to err.
2208 John Berry has the quote : The bird of paradise alights only upon the hand that does not grasp.
2209 Charles Perkhurst has the quote : The heart has eyes which the brain knows nothing of.
2210 Blaise Pascal has the quote : Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world.
2211 William James has the quote : To change ones life, start immediately, do it flamboyantly, no exceptions.
2212 Ajahn Chah has the quote : If you let go a little, you will have a little peace. If you let go a lot, you will have a lot of peace.
2213 H. Bertram Lewis has the quote : The happy and efficient people in this world are those who accept trouble as a normal detail of human life and resolve to capitalize it when it comes along.
2214 Oprah Winfrey has the quote : With every experience, you alone are painting your own canvas, thought by thought, choice by choice.
2215 Kahlil Gibran has the quote : Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart.
2216 Wayne Dyer has the quote : We are Divine enough to ask and we are important enough to receive.
2217 Will Durant has the quote : The trouble with most people is that they think with their hopes or fears or wishes rather than with their minds.
2218 Peter Drucker has the quote : Follow effective action with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action.
2219 John Barrymore has the quote : Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open.
2220 Michelangelo has the quote : There is no greater harm than that of time wasted.
2221 Harriet Lerner has the quote : Only through our connectedness to others can we really know and enhance the self. And only through working on the self can we begin to enhance our connectedness to others.
2222 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
2223 Leonardo da Vinci has the quote : Iron rusts from disuse; water loses its purity from stagnation... even so does inaction sap the vigour of the mind.
2224 Robert Louis Stevenson has the quote : There is no duty we so underrate as the duty of being happy. By being happy we sow anonymous benefits upon the world.
2225 unknown has the quote : Never miss an opportunity to make others happy, even if you have to leave them alone in order to do it.
2226 John Dewey has the quote : Arriving at one point is the starting point to another.
2227 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Adversity isn't set against you to fail; adversity is a way to build your character so that you can succeed over and over again through perseverance.
2228 Rudolf Arnheim has the quote : All perceiving is also thinking, all reasoning is also intuition, all observation is also invention.
2229 Buddha has the quote : No matter how hard the past, you can always begin again.
2230 Dalai Lama has the quote : With realization of ones own potential and self-confidence in ones ability, one can build a better world.
2231 Anne Lamott has the quote : Joy is the best makeup.
2232 E. E. Cummings has the quote : It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
2233 Lena Horne has the quote : Always be smarter than the people who hire you.
2234 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : I may not know everything, but everything is not known yet anyway.
2235 Booker Washington has the quote : The world cares very little about what a man or woman knows; it is what a man or woman is able to do that counts.
2236 Arthur Schopenhauer has the quote : Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world.
2237 William Blake has the quote : For everything that lives is holy, life delights in life.
2238 Billie Armstrong has the quote : Our passion is our strength.
2239 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Nature is a mutable cloud which is always and never the same.
2240 Winston Churchill has the quote : We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
2241 Liberace has the quote : Nobody will believe in you unless you believe in yourself.
2242 Naguib Mahfouz has the quote : You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions.
2243 W. Clement Stone has the quote : No matter how carefully you plan your goals they will never be more that pipe dreams unless you pursue them with gusto.
2244 Leonardo da Vinci has the quote : I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do.
2245 Leonardo da Vinci has the quote : In rivers, the water that you touch is the last of what has passed and the first of that which comes; so with present time.
2246 Pat Riley has the quote : Courage is not the absence of fear, but simply moving on with dignity despite that fear.
2247 Maya Angelou has the quote : We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated.
2248 Peter Elbow has the quote : Meaning is not what you start with but what you end up with.
2249 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Look forward to spring as a time when you can start to see what nature has to offer once again.
2250 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Many people think of prosperity that concerns money only to forget that true prosperity is of the mind.
2251 Blaise Pascal has the quote : The least movement is of importance to all nature. The entire ocean is affected by a pebble.
2252 Angela Schwindt has the quote : While we try to teach our children all about life, our children teach us what life is all about.
2253 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Opportunity often comes disguised in the form of misfortune, or temporary defeat.
2254 Buddha has the quote : A jug fills drop by drop.
2255 John Dewey has the quote : Every great advance in science has issued from a new audacity of the imagination.
2256 unknown has the quote : Don't focus on making the right decision, focus on making the decision the right one.
2257 Ellen Gilchrist has the quote : Don't ruin the present with the ruined past.
2258 Augustinus Sanctus has the quote : The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.
2259 unknown has the quote : If I could reach up and hold a star for every time you've made me smile, the entire evening sky would be in the palm of my hand.
2260 Blaise Pascal has the quote : Kind words do not cost much. Yet they accomplish much.
2261 Robert Lynd has the quote : Any of us can achieve virtue, if by virtue we merely mean the avoidance of the vices that do not attract us.
2262 Sophocles has the quote : Ignorant men don't know what good they hold in their hands until they've flung it away.
2263 Dhammapada has the quote : Just as a flower, which seems beautiful has color but no perfume, so are the fruitless words of a man who speaks them but does them not.
2264 Victor Frankl has the quote : Everything can be taken from a man but ... the last of the human freedoms  to choose ones attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose ones own way.
2265 André Gide has the quote : Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.
2266 unknown has the quote : The steeper the mountain the harder the climb the better the view from the finishing line
2267 unknown has the quote : Don't let what you can't do stop you from doing what you can do.
2268 William Yeats has the quote : Think as a wise man but communicate in the language of the people.
2269 Robert Schuller has the quote : Failure doesn't mean you are a failure it just means you haven't succeeded yet.
2270 Blaise Pascal has the quote : The heart has its reasons which reason knows not of.
2271 Percy Shelley has the quote : Fear not for the future, weep not for the past.
2272 Norman Schwarzkopf has the quote : The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it.
2273 Carl Jung has the quote : In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order.
2274 Albert Schweitzer has the quote : Do something wonderful, people may imitate it.
2275 Henry Miller has the quote : The moment one gives close attention to anything, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself.
2276 Lewis B. Smedes has the quote : To forgive is to set a prisoner free and realize that prisoner was you.
2277 Denis Waitley has the quote : You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler.
2278 Chinese proverb has the quote : Tension is who you think you should be. Relaxation is who you are.
2279 George Eliot has the quote : What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?
2280 Epictetus has the quote : If you wish to be a writer, write.
2281 Donald Kircher has the quote : A man of ability and the desire to accomplish something can do anything.
2282 John Dewey has the quote : Arriving at one point is the starting point to another.
2283 unknown has the quote : We do what we do because we believe.
2284 Paul Graham has the quote : The most dangerous way to lose time is not to spend it having fun, but to spend it doing fake work. When you spend time having fun, you know you're being self-indulgent.
2285 Lisa Alther has the quote : Thats the risk you take if you change: that people you've been involved with won't like the new you. But other people who do will come along.
2286 Kathleen Norris has the quote : All that is necessary is to accept the impossible, do without the indispensable, and bear the intolerable.
2287 Vaclav Havel has the quote : Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed.
2288 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Fear of failure is one attitude that will keep you at the same point in your life.
2289 Leonardo da Vinci has the quote : In rivers, the water that you touch is the last of what has passed and the first of that which comes; so with present time.
2290 Madame de Stael has the quote : Society develops wit, but its contemplation alone forms genius.
2291 Sam Levenson has the quote : It's so simple to be wise. Just think of something stupid to say and then don't say it.
2292 Friedrich von Schiller has the quote : If you want to study yourself  look into the hearts of other people. If you want to study other people  look into your own heart.
2293 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Real magic in relationships means an absence of judgement of others.
2294 Francis Bacon has the quote : A prudent question is one half of wisdom.
2295 George Patton has the quote : If a man does his best, what else is there?
2296 Richard Bach has the quote : To bring anything into your life, imagine that it's already there.
2297 unknown has the quote : Every day may not be good, but there's something good in every day.
2298 James Oppenheim has the quote : The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance, the wise grows it under his feet.
2299 Bruce Lee has the quote : To know oneself is to study oneself in action with another person.
2300 Maya Angelou has the quote : If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can totally transform one million realities.
2301 Carl Jung has the quote : The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it.
2302 Carl Bard has the quote : Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from not and make a brand new ending.
2303 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Courage is not about taking risks unknowingly but putting your own being in front of challenges that others may not be able to.
2304 Chuck Norris has the quote : A lot of people give up just before theyre about to make it. You know you never know when that next obstacle is going to be the last one.
2305 George Orwell has the quote : Myths which are believed in tend to become true.
2306 David Rockefeller has the quote : Success in business requires training and discipline and hard work. But if you're not frightened by these things, the opportunities are just as great today as they ever were.
2307 Kahlil Gibran has the quote : Be like the flower, turn your face to the sun.
2308 Harriet Tubman has the quote : Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.
2309 Buddha has the quote : We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think. When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves.
2310 Cynthia Ozick has the quote : To want to be what one can be is purpose in life.
2311 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : Character develops itself in the stream of life.
2312 Mohandas Gandhi has the quote : Forgiveness is choosing to love. It is the first skill of self-giving love.
2313 Confucius has the quote : It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
2314 Saul Alinsky has the quote : As an organizer I start from where the world is, as it is, not as I would like it to be.
2315 Winston Churchill has the quote : Never, never, never give up.
2316 Epictetus has the quote : Keep silence for the most part, and speak only when you must, and then briefly.
2317 Albert Einstein has the quote : Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
2318 Lao Tzu has the quote : To see things in the seed, that is genius.
2319 Lauren Raffo has the quote : Sometimes the biggest act of courage is a small one.
2320 Winifred Holtby has the quote : The things that one most wants to do are the things that are probably most worth doing.
2321 Frederick Wilcox has the quote : Progress always involves risks. You can't steal second base and keep your foot on first.
2322 Anthony Robbins has the quote : To effectively communicate, we must realize that we are all different in the way we perceive the world and use this understanding as a guide to our communication with others.
2323 Confucius has the quote : Ability will never catch up with the demand for it.
2324 Wayne Dyer has the quote : When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor. It's to enjoy each step along the way.
2325 Ralph Emerson has the quote : If the single man plant himself indomitably on his instincts, and there abide, the huge world will come round to him.
2326 Richard Bach has the quote : Every person, all the events of your life are there because you have drawn them there. What you choose to do with them is up to you.
2327 Seneca has the quote : Begin at once to live and count each separate day as a separate life.
2328 Henry Thoreau has the quote : The world is but a canvas to the imagination.
2329 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart.
2330 Dalai Lama has the quote : Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
2331 Denis Waitley has the quote : Happiness cannot be travelled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed. Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace and gratitude.
2332 unknown has the quote : You can never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore.
2333 Julius Charles Hare has the quote : Be what you are. This is the first step toward becoming better than you are.
2334 Edmond Rostand has the quote : A man is not old as long as he is seeking something.
2335 Buddha has the quote : I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act.
2336 Forrest Gump has the quote : My mama always said: life's like a box of chocolate  you never know what you gonna get.
2337 Buddha has the quote : To live a pure unselfish life, one must count nothing as ones own in the midst of abundance.
2338 Nelson Mandela has the quote : As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others.
2339 Edward Gibbon has the quote : The winds and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators.
2340 Amelia Earhart has the quote : Never do things others can do and will do, if there are things others cannot do or will not do.
2341 Isocrates has the quote : The noblest worship is to make yourself as good and as just as you can.
2342 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.
2343 Flora Whittemore has the quote : The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live.
2344 Buddha has the quote : You cannot travel the path until you have become the path itself.
2345 Mohandas Gandhi has the quote : Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
2346 Richard Bach has the quote : Allow the world to live as it chooses, and allow yourself to live as you choose.
2347 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Self-trust is the first secret of success.
2348 unknown has the quote : The harder you fall, the higher you bounce.
2349 H. W. Arnold has the quote : The worst bankrupt in the world is the person who has lost his enthusiasm.
2350 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : There is nothing happens to any person but what was in his power to go through with.
2351 Henry Beecher has the quote : Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul.
2352 Carl Sandburg has the quote : Nothing happens unless first we dream.
2353 Confucius has the quote : If you look into your own heart, and you find nothing wrong there, what is there to worry about? What is there to fear?
2354 Anais Nin has the quote : Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
2355 Henry Miller has the quote : The moment one gives close attention to anything, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself.
2356 Donald Trump has the quote : You have to think anyway, so why not think big?
2357 Carl Jung has the quote : Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darknesses of other people.
2358 Epictetus has the quote : Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens.
2359 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the universe.
2360 Alexander the Great has the quote : There is nothing impossible to him who will try.
2361 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : Character develops itself in the stream of life.
2362 Elisabeth Kubler-Ross has the quote : I believe that we are solely responsible for our choices, and we have to accept the consequences of every deed, word, and thought throughout our lifetime.
2363 Victor Frankl has the quote : Everything can be taken from a man but ... the last of the human freedoms  to choose ones attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose ones own way.
2364 Confucius has the quote : I want you to be everything that's you, deep at the center of your being.
2365 Joe Namath has the quote : If you aren't going all the way, why go at all?
2366 Confucius has the quote : Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
2367 Bruce Lee has the quote : A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer.
2368 Anthony Robbins has the quote : The path to success is to take massive, determined action.
2369 Tony Robbins has the quote : Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach.
2370 Buddha has the quote : Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace.
2371 Albert Schweitzer has the quote : One who gains strength by overcoming obstacles possesses the only strength which can overcome adversity.
2372 Lin-yutang has the quote : I have done my best: that is about all the philosophy of living one needs.
2373 African proverb has the quote : When there is no enemy within, the enemies outside cannot hurt you.
2374 Buddha has the quote : Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without.
2375 Charles A. Lindbergh has the quote : Life a culmination of the past, an awareness of the present, an indication of the future beyond knowledge, the quality that gives a touch of divinity to matter.
2376 Oprah Winfrey has the quote : The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams.
2377 Rumi has the quote : Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.
2378 Bob Newhart has the quote : All I can say about life is, Oh God, enjoy it!
2379 Epictetus has the quote : The world turns aside to let any man pass who knows where he is going.
2380 John Dewey has the quote : Conflict is the gadfly of thought. It stirs us to observation and memory. It instigates to invention. It shocks us out of sheeplike passivity, and sets us at noting and contriving.
2381 Mahatma Gandhi has the quote : It is the quality of our work which will please God, not the quantity.
2382 Buddha has the quote : All that we are is the result of what we have thought. The mind is everything. What we think we become.
2383 Albert Schweitzer has the quote : Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
2384 H. Jackson Browne has the quote : Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is.
2385 Thomas Jefferson has the quote : Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.
2386 Carl Jung has the quote : Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, Something is out of tune.
2387 Dalai Lama has the quote : Happiness mainly comes from our own attitude, rather than from external factors.
2388 Orison Marden has the quote : All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers.
2389 John Ruskin has the quote : Sunshine is delicious, rain is refreshing, wind braces us up, snow is exhilarating; there is really no such thing as bad weather, only different kinds of good weather.
2390 Brendan Francis has the quote : No yesterdays are ever wasted for those who give themselves to today.
2391 Bob Newhart has the quote : All I can say about life is, Oh God, enjoy it!
2392 Henry Reed has the quote : Intuition is the very force or activity of the soul in its experience through whatever has been the experience of the soul itself.
2393 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Make the most of yourself for that is all there is of you.
2394 Margaret Wheatley has the quote : We know from science that nothing in the universe exists as an isolated or independent entity.
2395 Sophocles has the quote : Men of perverse opinion do not know the excellence of what is in their hands, till some one dash it from them.
2396 Dalai Lama has the quote : With realization of ones own potential and self-confidence in ones ability, one can build a better world.
2397 Maori proverb has the quote : Turn your face toward the sun and the shadows will fall behind you.
2398 George Eliot has the quote : It is never too late to be what you might have been.
2399 Michelangelo has the quote : Faith in oneself is the best and safest course.
2400 Princess Diana has the quote : Only do what your heart tells you.
2401 Buddha has the quote : In the sky, there is no distinction of east and west; people create distinctions out of their own minds and then believe them to be true.
2402 Carl Jung has the quote : Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also.
2403 Sophocles has the quote : Wisdom is the supreme part of happiness.
2404 Robert Graves has the quote : Intuition is the supra-logic that cuts out all the routine processes of thought and leaps straight from the problem to the answer.
2405 Catherine Pulsifer has the quote : Being angry never solves anything.
2406 Wayne Dyer has the quote : You'll see it when you believe it.
2407 Doug Horton has the quote : Be your own hero, it's cheaper than a movie ticket.
2408 Harry Kemp has the quote : The poor man is not he who is without a cent, but he who is without a dream.
2409 Epictetus has the quote : Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens.
2410 David Jordan has the quote : Wisdom is knowing what to do next; Skill is knowing how ot do it, and Virtue is doing it.
2411 Sun Tzu has the quote : Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?
2412 Tony Robbins has the quote : We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish.
2413 Aristotle has the quote : Criticism is something you can easily avoid by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing.
2414 Morris West has the quote : If you spend your whole life waiting for the storm, you'll never enjoy the sunshine.
2415 Richard Bach has the quote : To fly as fast as thought, you must begin by knowing that you have already arrived.
2416 Paavo Nurmi has the quote : Mind is everything: muscle, pieces of rubber. All that I am, I am because of my mind.
2417 unknown has the quote : Kindness is the greatest wisdom.
2418 Napoleon Hill has the quote : No man can succeed in a line of endeavor which he does not like.
2419 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : You can't trust without risk but neither can you live in a cocoon.
2420 Aristotle has the quote : We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
2421 Dalai Lama has the quote : Genuine love should first be directed at oneself  if we do not love ourselves, how can we love others?
2422 Bruce Lee has the quote : Notice that the stiffest tree is most easily cracked, while the bamboo or willow survives by bending with the wind.
2423 Denis Waitley has the quote : A dream is your creative vision for your life in the future. You must break out of your current comfort zone and become comfortable with the unfamiliar and the unknown.
2424 Victor Hugo has the quote : An invasion of armies can be resisted, but not an idea whose time has come.
2425 Barack Obama has the quote : If you're walking down the right path and you're willing to keep walking, eventually you'll make progress.
2426 William James has the quote : To change ones life, start immediately, do it flamboyantly, no exceptions.
2427 Willa Cather has the quote : Where there is great love, there are always miracles.
2428 Henry Reed has the quote : Intuition is the very force or activity of the soul in its experience through whatever has been the experience of the soul itself.
2429 John Lennon has the quote : You may say Im a dreamer, but Im not the only one, I hope someday you will join us, and the world will live as one.
2430 Frank Crane has the quote : You may be deceived if you trust too much, but you will live in torment if you don't trust enough.
2431 Helen Keller has the quote : The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen, nor touched... but are felt in the heart.
2432 Epictetus has the quote : First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.
2433 Kahlil Gibran has the quote : Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart.
2434 William Shakespeare has the quote : He that is giddy thinks the world turns round.
2435 Bruce Lee has the quote : The less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be.
2436 Luisa Sigea has the quote : Blaze with the fire that is never extinguished.
2437 Rumi has the quote : Everyone has been made for some particular work, and the desire for that work has been put in every heart.
2438 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : If you have no respect for your own values how can you be worthy of respect from others.
2439 Tom Krause has the quote : There are no failures  just experiences and your reactions to them.
2440 Eleanor Roosevelt has the quote : People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is built.
2441 Benjamin Franklin has the quote : One today is worth two tomorrows.
2442 Ingrid Bergman has the quote : You must train your intuition  you must trust the small voice inside you which tells you exactly what to say, what to decide.
2443 Mark Twain has the quote : Whoever is happy will make others happy, too.
2444 Booker Washington has the quote : The world cares very little about what a man or woman knows; it is what a man or woman is able to do that counts.
2445 Socrates has the quote : Wisdom begins in wonder.
2446 Mother Teresa has the quote : If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one.
2447 Albert Einstein has the quote : I never think of the future. It comes soon enough.
2448 Chinese proverb has the quote : Tension is who you think you should be. Relaxation is who you are.
2449 Buddha has the quote : Chaos is inherent in all compounded things. Strive on with diligence.
2450 Muriel Rukeyser has the quote : The universe is made of stories, not atoms.
2451 Frank Wright has the quote : Respect should be earned by actions, and not acquired by years.
2452 Friedrich von Schiller has the quote : Keep true to the dreams of thy youth.
2453 Mark Twain has the quote : There are basically two types of people. People who accomplish things, and people who claim to have accomplished things. The first group is less crowded.
2454 Edward Young has the quote : On every thorn, delightful wisdom grows, In every rill a sweet instruction flows.
2455 Man Ray has the quote : It has never been my object to record my dreams, just to realize them.
2456 Henry Longfellow has the quote : Perseverance is a great element of success. If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.
2457 Ralph Waldo Emerson has the quote : Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself.
2458 unknown has the quote : The day always looks brighter from behind a smile.
2459 Amiel has the quote : Without passion man is a mere latent force and possibility, like the flint which awaits the shock of the iron before it can give forth its spark.
2460 Sarah Breathnach has the quote : Our deepest wishes are whispers of our authentic selves. We must learn to respect them. We must learn to listen.
2461 Thich Nhat Hanh has the quote : If we are not fully ourselves, truly in the present moment, we miss everything.
2462 unknown has the quote : Never let lack of money interfere with having fun.
2463 Marie Curie has the quote : Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.
2464 Richard Bach has the quote : If you love someone, set them free. If they come back they're yours; if they don't they never were.
2465 John Lennon has the quote : Yeah we all shine on, like the moon, and the stars, and the sun.
2466 Buddha has the quote : Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without.
2467 Thomas Carlyle has the quote : By nature man hates change; seldom will he quit his old home till it has actually fallen around his ears.
2468 African proverb has the quote : When deeds speak, words are nothing.
2469 Albert Einstein has the quote : Peace cannot be kept by force. It can only be achieved by understanding.
2470 Albert Schweitzer has the quote : One who gains strength by overcoming obstacles possesses the only strength which can overcome adversity.
2471 Alfred Whitehead has the quote : The art of progress is to preserve order amid change, and to preserve change amid order.
2472 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Make the most of yourself for that is all there is of you.
2473 Richard Bach has the quote : If you love someone, set them free. If they come back they're yours; if they don't they never were.
2474 A. A. Milne has the quote : One of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exciting discoveries.
2475 Gail Sheehy has the quote : To be tested is good. The challenged life may be the best therapist.
2476 Hermann Hesse has the quote : If I know what love is, it is because of you.
2477 Frederick Douglass has the quote : I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and to incur my own abhorrence.
2478 John Acosta has the quote : You cannot have what you do not want.
2479 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive  to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love.
2480 Oprah Winfrey has the quote : If you want your life to be more rewarding, you have to change the way you think.
2481 Virgil has the quote : Fortune favours the brave.
2482 Catherine Pulsifer has the quote : You can adopt the attitude there is nothing you can do, or you can see the challenge as your call to action.
2483 Samuel Taylor Coleridge has the quote : Imagination is the living power and prime agent of all human perception.
2484 Jamie Paolinetti has the quote : Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless.
2485 Mohandas Gandhi has the quote : Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
2486 John F. Kennedy has the quote : As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.
2487 Albert Einstein has the quote : The only real valuable thing is intuition.
2488 Lao Tzu has the quote : When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
2489 Brian Tracy has the quote : Whatever we expect with confidence becomes our own self-fulfilling prophecy.
2490 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Each man has his own vocation; his talent is his call. There is one direction in which all space is open to him.
2491 Robert Schuller has the quote : As we grow as unique persons, we learn to respect the uniqueness of others.
2492 Napoleon Hill has the quote : The ladder of success is never crowded at the top.
2493 David Seamans has the quote : We cannot change our memories, but we can change their meaning and the power they have over us.
2494 Napoleon Hill has the quote : You can do it if you believe you can!
2495 Tony Robbins has the quote : People are not lazy. They simply have impotent goals  that is, goals that do not inspire them.
2496 unknown has the quote : A bend in the road is not the end of the road...unless you fail to make the turn.
2497 H. Jackson Browne has the quote : Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is.
2498 Dorothy Thompson has the quote : Fear grows in darkness; if you think theres a bogeyman around, turn on the light.
2499 Sun Tzu has the quote : Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?
2500 Anthony Robbins has the quote : Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more
2501 Galileo Galilei has the quote : All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered; the point is to discover them.
2502 Seneca has the quote : The mind unlearns with difficulty what it has long learned.
2503 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : Each day provides its own gifts.
2504 William Channing has the quote : Difficulties are meant to rouse, not discourage. The human spirit is to grow strong by conflict.
2505 H. Jackson Browne has the quote : Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is.
2506 Walter Benjamin has the quote : To be happy is to be able to become aware of oneself without fright.
2507 Leonardo da Vinci has the quote : Who sows virtue reaps honour.
2508 English proverb has the quote : Take heed: you do not find what you do not seek.
2509 Seneca has the quote : No man was ever wise by chance.
2510 English proverb has the quote : Take heed: you do not find what you do not seek.
2511 Sun Tzu has the quote : Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?
2512 Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart has the quote : Neither a lofty degree of intelligence nor imagination nor both together go to the making of genius. Love, love, love, that is the soul of genius.
2513 Margaret Wheatley has the quote : We know from science that nothing in the universe exists as an isolated or independent entity.
2514 Gloria Steinem has the quote : Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning.
2515 Lao Tzu has the quote : Silence is a source of great strength.
2516 Nikola Tesla has the quote : Our virtues and our failings are inseparable, like force and matter. When they separate, man is no more.
2517 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : Mountains cannot be surmounted except by winding paths.
2518 Pierre Auguste Renoir has the quote : The pain passes, but the beauty remains.
2519 Epictetus has the quote : Keep silence for the most part, and speak only when you must, and then briefly.
2520 unknown has the quote : Change your thoughts, change your life!
2521 Anatole France has the quote : It is better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot.
2522 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : The best teacher is experience learned from failures.
2523 James Oppenheim has the quote : The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance, the wise grows it under his feet.
2524 Barack Obama has the quote : Focusing your life solely on making a buck shows a poverty of ambition. It asks too little of yourself. And it will leave you unfulfilled.
2525 Franklin D. Roosevelt has the quote : It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something.
2526 Bruce Lee has the quote : All fixed set patterns are incapable of adaptability or pliability. The truth is outside of all fixed patterns.
2527 Buddha has the quote : Happiness comes when your work and words are of benefit to yourself and others.
2528 unknown has the quote : All the flowers of all the tomorrows are in the seeds of today.
2529 Anne Frank has the quote : No one has ever become poor by giving.
2530 Confucius has the quote : I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.
2531 Ralph Waldo Emerson has the quote : It is only when the mind and character slumber that the dress can be seen.
2532 Thomas Carlyle has the quote : Do not be embarrassed by your mistakes. Nothing can teach us better than our understanding of them. This is one of the best ways of self-education.
2533 Dalai Lama has the quote : With realization of ones own potential and self-confidence in ones ability, one can build a better world.
2534 Napoleon Bonaparte has the quote : If you want a thing done well, do it yourself.
2535 Edmond Rostand has the quote : A man is not old as long as he is seeking something.
2536 Thornton Wilder has the quote : My advice to you is not to inquire why or whither, but just enjoy your ice cream while its on your plate  that's my philosophy.
2537 Thich Nhat Hanh has the quote : Smile, breathe and go slowly.
2538 Chinese proverb has the quote : If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape one hundred days of sorrow.
2539 John Eliot has the quote : All the great performers I have worked with are fuelled by a personal dream.
2540 Anne Frank has the quote : No one has ever become poor by giving.
2541 John Ruskin has the quote : Sunshine is delicious, rain is refreshing, wind braces us up, snow is exhilarating; there is really no such thing as bad weather, only different kinds of good weather.
2542 Winston Churchill has the quote : You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
2543 Walter Cronkite has the quote : I can't imagine a person becoming a success who doesn't give this game of life everything hes got.
2544 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Truth, and goodness, and beauty are but different faces of the same all.
2545 André Gide has the quote : The most decisive actions of our life... are most often unconsidered actions.
2546 Helen Keller has the quote : Face your deficiencies and acknowledge them; but do not let them master you. Let them teach you patience, sweetness, insight.
2547 Winston Churchill has the quote : History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.
2548 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one.
2549 Lao Tzu has the quote : He who obtains has little. He who scatters has much.
2550 Confucius has the quote : I want you to be everything that's you, deep at the center of your being.
2551 Confucius has the quote : To study and not think is a waste. To think and not study is dangerous.
2552 Wayne Dyer has the quote : We are Divine enough to ask and we are important enough to receive.
2553 William Shakespeare has the quote : Go to your bosom: Knock there, and ask your heart what it doth know.
2554 Thomas Edison has the quote : Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
2555 Seneca has the quote : If one does not know to which port is sailing, no wind is favorable.
2556 Charles A. Lindbergh has the quote : Life a culmination of the past, an awareness of the present, an indication of the future beyond knowledge, the quality that gives a touch of divinity to matter.
2557 Carl Jung has the quote : In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order.
2558 Maya Angelou has the quote : We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated.
2559 Buddha has the quote : Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
2560 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : We make our own fortunes and we call them fate.
2561 unknown has the quote : To get something you never had, you have to do something you never did.
2562 Confucius has the quote : The superior man acts before he speaks, and afterwards speaks according to his action.
2563 Mohandas Gandhi has the quote : The difference between what we do and what we are capable of doing would suffice to solve most of the worlds problems.
2564 Thomas Dewar has the quote : Minds are like parachutes. They only function when open.
2565 Albert Einstein has the quote : Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.
2566 Mother Teresa has the quote : Kind words can be short and easy to speak but their echoes are truly endless.
2567 Dalai Lama has the quote : With the realization of ones own potential and self-confidence in ones ability, one can build a better world.
2568 John Lennon has the quote : Life is what happens while you are making other plans.
2569 unknown has the quote : Open minds lead to open doors.
2570 Blaise Pascal has the quote : Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world.
2571 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Maxim for life: You get treated in life the way you teach people to treat you.
2572 Henry Thoreau has the quote : The world is but a canvas to the imagination.
2573 Peter Drucker has the quote : There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all.
2574 Napoleon Hill has the quote : First comes thought; then organization of that thought, into ideas and plans; then transformation of those plans into reality. The beginning, as you will observe, is in your imagination.
2575 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Everything in the universe goes by indirection. There are no straight lines.
2576 Mother Teresa has the quote : If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one.
2577 Michelangelo has the quote : The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it, but that it is too low and we reach it.
2578 Leonardo da Vinci has the quote : Iron rusts from disuse; water loses its purity from stagnation... even so does inaction sap the vigour of the mind.
2579 Albert Einstein has the quote : Great ideas often receive violent opposition from mediocre minds.
2580 Zig Ziglar has the quote : You are the only person on earth who can use your ability.
2581 unknown has the quote : A stumble may prevent a fall.
2582 John Dewey has the quote : Conflict is the gadfly of thought. It stirs us to observation and memory. It instigates to invention. It shocks us out of sheeplike passivity, and sets us at noting and contriving.
2583 Joseph Roux has the quote : A fine quotation is a diamond on the finger of a man of wit, and a pebble in the hand of a fool.
2584 Charlotte Gilman has the quote : Let us revere, let us worship, but erect and open-eyed, the highest, not the lowest; the future, not the past!
2585 Albert Einstein has the quote : Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow.
2586 John F. Kennedy has the quote : As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.
2587 Saint Augustine has the quote : Patience is the companion of wisdom.
2588 Peter Elbow has the quote : Meaning is not what you start with but what you end up with.
2589 Tony Robbins has the quote : Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers.
2590 Anne Frank has the quote : How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
2591 Abraham Lincoln has the quote : When you have got an elephant by the hind legs and he is trying to run away, it's best to let him run.
2592 Laozi has the quote : When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you.
2593 Buddha has the quote : Remembering a wrong is like carrying a burden on the mind.
2594 James Openheim has the quote : The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance; the wise grows it under his feet.
2595 Ken S. Keyes has the quote : To be upset over what you don't have is to waste what you do have.
2596 Mark Twain has the quote : Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
2597 Wayne Dyer has the quote : I think and that is all that I am.
2598 Donald Trump has the quote : What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.
2599 Albert Einstein has the quote : Feeling and longing are the motive forces behind all human endeavor and human creations.
2600 Helen Keller has the quote : Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world right in the eye.
2601 Albert Schweitzer has the quote : An optimist is a person who sees a green light everywhere, while the pessimist sees only the red spotlight... The truly wise person is colour-blind.
2602 Buddha has the quote : Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned.
2603 Lin-yutang has the quote : I have done my best: that is about all the philosophy of living one needs.
2604 Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart has the quote : Neither a lofty degree of intelligence nor imagination nor both together go to the making of genius. Love, love, love, that is the soul of genius.
2605 Elbert Hubbard has the quote : The final proof of greatness lies in being able to endure criticism without resentment.
2606 Robert Brault has the quote : Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things.
2607 Lao Tzu has the quote : He who controls others may be powerful, but he who has mastered himself is mightier still.
2608 unknown has the quote : The day is already blessed, find peace within it.
2609 Anne Frank has the quote : We all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same.
2610 Dalai Lama has the quote : Consider that not only do negative thoughts and emotions destroy our experience of peace, they also undermine our health.
2611 Frederick Douglass has the quote : I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and to incur my own abhorrence.
2612 Alfred Adler has the quote : Trust only movement. Life happens at the level of events, not of words. Trust movement.
2613 Confucius has the quote : I am not bothered by the fact that I am unknown. I am bothered when I do not know others.
2614 Arthur Conan Doyle has the quote : Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius.
2615 Helen Keller has the quote : No pessimist ever discovered the secrets of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new heaven to the human spirit.
2616 Dalai Lama has the quote : The greatest antidote to insecurity and the sense of fear is compassion  it brings one back to the basis of one's inner strength
2617 Lao Tzu has the quote : The wise man does not lay up his own treasures. The more he gives to others, the more he has for his own.
2618 Francois de La Rochefoucauld has the quote : A true friend is the most precious of all possessions and the one we take the least thought about acquiring.
2619 Margaret Mead has the quote : Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed people can change the world. Indeed. It is the only thing that ever has.
2620 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it.
2621 Charles DeLint has the quote : The road leading to a goal does not separate you from the destination; it is essentially a part of it.
2622 Richard Bach has the quote : Strong beliefs win strong men, and then make them stronger.
2623 John Steinbeck has the quote : If we could learn to like ourselves, even a little, maybe our cruelties and angers might melt away.
2624 Chinese proverb has the quote : He who deliberates fully before taking a step will spend his entire life on one leg.
2625 Sue Patton Thoele has the quote : Deep listening is miraculous for both listener and speaker.When someone receives us with open-hearted, non-judging, intensely interested listening, our spirits expand.
2626 Mother Teresa has the quote : Peace begins with a smile.
2627 Richard Bach has the quote : Ask yourself the secret of your success. Listen to your answer, and practice it.
2628 Turkish proverb has the quote : Kind words will unlock an iron door.
2629 Confucius has the quote : I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.
2630 unknown has the quote : As the rest of the world is walking out the door, your best friends are the ones walking in.
2631 Albert Gray has the quote : Winners have simply formed the habit of doing things losers don't like to do.
2632 Oprah Winfrey has the quote : Follow your instincts. That is where true wisdom manifests itself.
2633 Sylvia Voirol has the quote : Rainbows apologize for angry skies.
2634 Epictetus has the quote : First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.
2635 unknown has the quote : Every sixty seconds you spend angry, upset or mad, is a full minute of happiness youll never get back.
2636 Yogi Berra has the quote : Life is a learning experience, only if you learn.
2637 Doug Horton has the quote : Be your own hero, it's cheaper than a movie ticket.
2638 Albert Einstein has the quote : Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.
2639 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : Great talent finds happiness in execution.
2640 Seneca has the quote : The mind unlearns with difficulty what it has long learned.
2641 Winifred Holtby has the quote : The things that one most wants to do are the things that are probably most worth doing.
2642 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the universe.
2643 Whoopi Goldberg has the quote : Were here for a reason. I believe a bit of the reason is to throw little torches out to lead people through the dark.
2644 Robert Heller has the quote : Never ignore a gut feeling, but never believe that it's enough.
2645 Christopher Reeve has the quote : Once you choose hope, anythings possible.
2646 Cathy Pulsifer has the quote : You are special, you are unique, you are the best!
2647 Naomi Williams has the quote : It is impossible to feel grateful and depressed in the same moment.
2648 Lao Tzu has the quote : The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
2649 Oscar Wilde has the quote : The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the grandest intention.
2650 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Spring is a time for rebirth and the fulfilment of new life.
2651 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Everything in the universe goes by indirection. There are no straight lines.
2652 Albert Einstein has the quote : Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
2653 Carl Jung has the quote : Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding about ourselves.
2654 Morris West has the quote : If you spend your whole life waiting for the storm, you'll never enjoy the sunshine.
2655 Frank Herbert has the quote : The beginning of knowledge is the discovery of something we do not understand.
2656 Lao Tzu has the quote : The key to growth is the introduction of higher dimensions of consciousness into our awareness.
2657 Orison Marden has the quote : The Creator has not given you a longing to do that which you have no ability to do.
2658 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Thought is the blossom; language the bud; action the fruit behind it.
2659 Sarah Breathnach has the quote : Our deepest wishes are whispers of our authentic selves. We must learn to respect them. We must learn to listen.
2660 English proverb has the quote : Take heed: you do not find what you do not seek.
2661 unknown has the quote : Today is the tomorrow we worried about yesterday.
2662 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Courage is not about taking risks unknowingly but putting your own being in front of challenges that others may not be able to.
2663 John Barrymore has the quote : Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open.
2664 Thich Nhat Hanh has the quote : Smile, breathe, and go slowly.
2665 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : There is nothing happens to any person but what was in his power to go through with.
2666 David Bader has the quote : Be here now. Be someplace else later. Is that so complicated?
2667 Oprah Winfrey has the quote : With every experience, you alone are painting your own canvas, thought by thought, choice by choice.
2668 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : If you must tell me your opinions, tell me what you believe in. I have plenty of douts of my own.
2669 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Happiness is found in doing, not merely possessing.
2670 Margaret Sangster has the quote : Self-complacency is fatal to progress.
2671 Buddha has the quote : Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it.
2672 Frank Wright has the quote : The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.
2673 Harry Kemp has the quote : The poor man is not he who is without a cent, but he who is without a dream.
2674 Publilius Syrus has the quote : A rolling stone gathers no moss.
2675 Sai Baba has the quote : What is new in the world? Nothing. What is old in the world? Nothing. Everything has always been and will always be.
2676 Anais Nin has the quote : The dream was always running ahead of me. To catch up, to live for a moment in unison with it, that was the miracle.
2677 Robert Orben has the quote : Don't think of it as failure. Think of it as time-released success.
2678 Albert Schweitzer has the quote : An optimist is a person who sees a green light everywhere, while the pessimist sees only the red spotlight... The truly wise person is colour-blind.
2679 Blaise Pascal has the quote : The least movement is of importance to all nature. The entire ocean is affected by a pebble.
2680 Eleanor Roosevelt has the quote : It is not fair to ask of others what you are unwilling to do yourself.
2681 Abraham Lincoln has the quote : I walk slowly, but I never walk backward.
2682 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Spring is a time for rebirth and the fulfilment of new life.
2683 unknown has the quote : The best place to find a helping hand is at the end of your own arm.
2684 Norman Peale has the quote : If you want things to be different, perhaps the answer is to become different yourself.
2685 Ralph Emerson has the quote : The years teach much which the days never know.
2686 Theodore Rubin has the quote : Kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom.
2687 Louis Pasteur has the quote : Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity.
2688 Mahatma Gandhi has the quote : We must become the change we want to see.
2689 unknown has the quote : Don't fear failure so much that you refuse to try new things. The saddest summary of life contains three descriptions: could have, might have, and should have.
2690 John Wooden has the quote : Never mistake activity for achievement.
2691 Lou Holtz has the quote : Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do.Attitude determines how well you do it.
2692 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Truth, and goodness, and beauty are but different faces of the same all.
2693 Old German proverb has the quote : You have to take it as it happens, but you should try to make it happen the way you want to take it.
2694 Dalai Lama has the quote : Consider that not only do negative thoughts and emotions destroy our experience of peace, they also undermine our health.
2695 Henry Reed has the quote : Intuition is the very force or activity of the soul in its experience through whatever has been the experience of the soul itself.
2696 Aristotle has the quote : It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
2697 Buddha has the quote : If we could see the miracle of a single flower clearly, our whole life would change.
2698 Buddha has the quote : You cannot travel the path until you have become the path itself.
2699 Theodore Roosevelt has the quote : Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground.
2700 Sam Levenson has the quote : It's so simple to be wise. Just think of something stupid to say and then don't say it.
2701 unknown has the quote : An obstacle may be either a stepping stone or a stumbling block.
2702 Alice Walker has the quote : No person is your friend who demands your silence, or denies your right to grow.
2703 Joyce Brothers has the quote : Trust your hunches. They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level.
2704 William Shakespeare has the quote : Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
2705 H. Bertram Lewis has the quote : The happy and efficient people in this world are those who accept trouble as a normal detail of human life and resolve to capitalize it when it comes along.
2706 Bruce Lee has the quote : Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.
2707 unknown has the quote : Today is the tomorrow we worried about yesterday.
2708 Abraham Maslow has the quote : What is necessary to change a person is to change his awareness of himself.
2709 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you.
2710 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit.
2711 Rumi has the quote : Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.
2712 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit.
2713 Abraham Maslow has the quote : What is necessary to change a person is to change his awareness of himself.
2714 Oscar Wilde has the quote : Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.
2715 Albert Schweitzer has the quote : Never say there is nothing beautiful in the world any more. There is always something to make you wonder in the shape of a tree, the trembling of a leaf.
2716 Voltaire has the quote : The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us.
2717 Pat Riley has the quote : Courage is not the absence of fear, but simply moving on with dignity despite that fear.
2718 Sophocles has the quote : Ignorant men don't know what good they hold in their hands until they've flung it away.
2719 Cardinal Retz has the quote : A man who doesn't trust himself can never really trust anyone else.
2720 Chinese proverb has the quote : A single conversation across the table with a wise person is worth a months study of books.
2721 Charlotte Gilman has the quote : Let us revere, let us worship, but erect and open-eyed, the highest, not the lowest; the future, not the past!
2722 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Everyone can taste success when the going is easy, but few know how to taste victory when times get tough.
2723 Walt Emerson has the quote : What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
2724 St. Augustine has the quote : Better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all.
2725 Dalai Lama has the quote : The most important thing is transforming our minds, for a new way of thinking, a new outlook: we should strive to develop a new inner world.
2726 Joseph Roux has the quote : A fine quotation is a diamond on the finger of a man of wit, and a pebble in the hand of a fool.
2727 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : It can't be spring if your heart is filled with past failures.
2728 Dalai Lama has the quote : The key to transforming our hearts and minds is to have an understanding of how our thoughts and emotions work.
2729 Leo Tolstoy has the quote : The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.
2730 Oscar Wilde has the quote : The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the grandest intention.
2731 Dale Carnegie has the quote : Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
2732 Jean Lacordaire has the quote : We are the leaves of one branch, the drops of one sea, the flowers of one garden.
2733 Robert Kennedy has the quote : Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
2734 Confucius has the quote : Being in humaneness is good. If we select other goodness and thus are far apart from humaneness, how can we be the wise?
2735 Plutarch has the quote : Know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly.
2736 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : Knowing is not enough; we must apply!
2737 Blaise Pascal has the quote : We know the truth, not only by the reason, but by the heart.
2738 Winston Churchill has the quote : Before you can inspire with emotion, you must be swamped with it yourself. Before you can move their tears, your own must flow. To convince them, you must yourself believe.
2739 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : If it is not right do not do it; if it is not true do not say it.
2740 Napoleon Hill has the quote : You can do it if you believe you can!
2741 Albert Einstein has the quote : In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
2742 Epictetus has the quote : Freedom is the right to live as we wish.
2743 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit.
2744 Ellen Parr has the quote : The cure for boredom is curiosity. There is no cure for curiosity.
2745 Buddha has the quote : Work out your own salvation. Do not depend on others.
2746 Charles Perkhurst has the quote : The heart has eyes which the brain knows nothing of.
2747 Ralph Waldo Emerson has the quote : Do not follow where the path may lead. Go, instead, where there is no path and leave a trail.
2748 Buddha has the quote : Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace.
2749 William Shakespeare has the quote : How far that little candle throws its beams! So shines a good deed in a naughty world.
2750 Abraham Lincoln has the quote : When you have got an elephant by the hind legs and he is trying to run away, it's best to let him run.
2751 Carl Jung has the quote : Without this playing with fantasy no creative work has ever yet come to birth. The debt we owe to the play of the imagination is incalculable.
2752 John Astin has the quote : There are things so deep and complex that only intuition can reach it in our stage of development as human beings.
2753 Lao Tzu has the quote : He who controls others may be powerful, but he who has mastered himself is mightier still.
2754 Ella Fitzgerald has the quote : It isn't where you come from, it's where you're going that counts.
2755 Albert Schweitzer has the quote : Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
2756 Virgil has the quote : They can do all because they think they can.
2757 Epictetus has the quote : First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.
2758 Korean proverb has the quote : If you kick a stone in anger, you'll hurt your own foot.
2759 Bertrand Russell has the quote : The happiness that is genuinely satisfying is accompanied by the fullest exercise of our faculties and the fullest realization of the world in which we live.
2760 Sydney Smith has the quote : It is the greatest of all mistakes to do nothing because you can only do little  do what you can.
2761 Anne Bronte has the quote : All our talents increase in the using, and the every faculty, both good and bad, strengthen by exercise.
2762 Paul Graham has the quote : The most dangerous way to lose time is not to spend it having fun, but to spend it doing fake work. When you spend time having fun, you know you're being self-indulgent.
2763 Paul Tillich has the quote : Decision is a risk rooted in the courage of being free.
2764 unknown has the quote : Life is not measured by the breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath.
2765 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : The secret of success is constancy to purpose.
2766 Antoine de Saint-Exupery has the quote : It is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye.
2767 unknown has the quote : Never miss an opportunity to make others happy, even if you have to leave them alone in order to do it.
2768 Sophocles has the quote : Much wisdom often goes with fewer words.
2769 Buddha has the quote : Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned.
2770 Winston Churchill has the quote : Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
2771 John Lennon has the quote : Yeah we all shine on, like the moon, and the stars, and the sun.
2772 Tony Robbins has the quote : Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.
2773 Marie Curie has the quote : Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.
2774 Etty Hillesum has the quote : Sometimes the most important thing in a whole day is the rest we take between two deep breaths.
2775 Richard Garriott has the quote : Chaos and Order are not enemies, only opposites.
2776 Napoleon Hill has the quote : The world has the habit of making room for the man whose actions show that he knows where he is going.
2777 Richard Bach has the quote : Can miles truly separate you from friends... If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there?
2778 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Someone is special only if you tell them.
2779 Confucius has the quote : I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.
2780 Pierre Abelard has the quote : The beginning of wisdom is found in doubting; by doubting we come to the question, and by seeking we may come upon the truth.
2781 Hannah Arendt has the quote : Promises are the uniquely human way of ordering the future, making it predictable and reliable to the extent that this is humanly possible.
2782 American proverb has the quote : From little acorns mighty oaks do grow.
2783 Seneca has the quote : The conditions of conquest are always easy. We have but to toil awhile, endure awhile, believe always, and never turn back.
2784 Robert Fulghum has the quote : If you break your neck, if you have nothing to eat, if your house is on fire, then you got a problem. Everything else is inconvenience.
2785 Daisaku Ikeda has the quote : True happiness means forging a strong spirit that is undefeated, no matter how trying our circumstances.
2786 Publilius Syrus has the quote : A rolling stone gathers no moss.
2787 Robert Fulghum has the quote : Peace is not something you wish for. It's something you make, something you do, something you are, and something you give away.
2788 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Opportunity often comes disguised in the form of misfortune, or temporary defeat.
2789 Johannes Gaertner has the quote : To speak gratitude is courteous and pleasant, to enact gratitude is generous and noble, but to live gratitude is to touch Heaven.
2790 Blaise Pascal has the quote : Kind words do not cost much. Yet they accomplish much.
2791 Jean Lacordaire has the quote : Neither genius, fame, nor love show the greatness of the soul. Only kindness can do that.
2792 Chuck Norris has the quote : A lot of times people look at the negative side of what they feel they can't do. I always look on the positive side of what I can do.
2793 Rene Descartes has the quote : Divide each difficulty into as many parts as is feasible and necessary to resolve it.
2794 Mortimer Adler has the quote : The purpose of learning is growth, and our minds, unlike our bodies, can continue growing as we continue to live.
2795 Kahlil Gibran has the quote : We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them.
2796 Carl Sandburg has the quote : Nothing happens unless first we dream.
2797 Oprah Winfrey has the quote : I don't believe in failure. It's not failure if you enjoyed the process.
2798 Ralph Emerson has the quote : If the single man plant himself indomitably on his instincts, and there abide, the huge world will come round to him.
2799 Keshavan Nair has the quote : With courage you will dare to take risks, have the strength to be compassionate, and the wisdom to be humble. Courage is the foundation of integrity.
2800 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.
2801 Arthur Rubinstein has the quote : Of course there is no formula for success except perhaps an unconditional acceptance of life and what it brings.
2802 Dalai Lama has the quote : The most important thing is transforming our minds, for a new way of thinking, a new outlook: we should strive to develop a new inner world.
2803 Walt Disney has the quote : Weve got to have a dream if we are going to make a dream come true.
2804 Richard Bach has the quote : In order to win, you must expect to win.
2805 unknown has the quote : Don't fear failure so much that you refuse to try new things. The saddest summary of life contains three descriptions: could have, might have, and should have.
2806 Buddha has the quote : The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.
2807 Wit has the quote : We choose our destiny in the way we treat others.
2808 André Gide has the quote : One does not discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time.
2809 Anne Bronte has the quote : All our talents increase in the using, and the every faculty, both good and bad, strengthen by exercise.
2810 Lao Tzu has the quote : I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures.
2811 Dr. David M. Burns has the quote : Aim for success, not perfection. Never give up your right to be wrong, because then you will lose the ability to learn new things and move forward with your life.
2812 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Transformation does not start with some one else changing you; transformation is an inner self reworking of what you are now to what you will be.
2813 Zig Ziglar has the quote : You are the only person on Earth who can use your ability.
2814 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : Everything that exists is in a manner the seed of that which will be.
2815 Manuel Puig has the quote : I allow my intuition to lead my path.
2816 Buddha has the quote : To live a pure unselfish life, one must count nothing as ones own in the midst of abundance.
2817 unknown has the quote : Giving up doesn't always mean you are weak. Sometimes it means that you are strong enough to let go.
2818 Lao Tzu has the quote : He who obtains has little. He who scatters has much.
2819 George Sheehan has the quote : Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be.
2820 Epictetus has the quote : No man is free who is not master of himself.
2821 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : Great talent finds happiness in execution.
2822 Albert Einstein has the quote : Setting an example is not the main means of influencing another, it is the only means.
2823 St. Augustine has the quote : Better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all.
2824 Lao Tzu has the quote : All difficult things have their origin in that which is easy, and great things in that which is small.
2825 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : It can't be spring if your heart is filled with past failures.
2826 Eckhart Tolle has the quote : Whenever something negative happens to you, there is a deep lesson concealed within it.
2827 Richard Bach has the quote : Every person, all the events of your life are there because you have drawn them there. What you choose to do with them is up to you.
2828 Bishop Desmond Tutu has the quote : We must not allow ourselves to become like the system we oppose.
2829 Lama Yeshe has the quote : Be gentle first with yourself if you wish to be gentle with others.
2830 Confucius has the quote : To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
2831 Buddha has the quote : I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act.
2832 Victor Frankl has the quote : Everything can be taken from a man but ... the last of the human freedoms  to choose ones attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose ones own way.
2833 Danilo Dolci has the quote : It's important to know that words don't move mountains. Work, exacting work moves mountains.
2834 unknown has the quote : One who asks a question is a fool for five minutes; one who does not ask a question remains a fool forever.
2835 George Orwell has the quote : Myths which are believed in tend to become true.
2836 Buddha has the quote : What we think, we become.
2837 Katherine Mansfield has the quote : Make it a rule of life never to regret and never to look back. Regret is an appalling waste of energy; you can't build on it; it's only for wallowing in.
2838 Victoria Holt has the quote : Never regret. If it's good, it's wonderful. If it's bad, it's experience.
2839 Chuang Tzu has the quote : When deeds and words are in accord, the whole world is transformed.
2840 Blaise Pascal has the quote : Man is equally incapable of seeing the nothingness from which he emerges and the infinity in which he is engulfed.
2841 Cathy Pulsifer has the quote : You are special, you are unique, you are the best!
2842 Benjamin Franklin has the quote : Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other.
2843 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : You can't trust without risk but neither can you live in a cocoon.
2844 Winston Churchill has the quote : You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
2845 Buddha has the quote : Every human being is the author of his own health or disease.
2846 Mahummad Ali has the quote : To be able to give away riches is mandatory if you wish to possess them. This is the only way that you will be truly rich.
2847 Albert Einstein has the quote : Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow.
2848 Cavour has the quote : The man who trusts men will make fewer mistakes than he who distrusts them.
2849 Nikola Tesla has the quote : Our virtues and our failings are inseparable, like force and matter. When they separate, man is no more.
2850 Shunryu Suzuki has the quote : The most important point is to accept yourself and stand on your two feet.
2851 Lao Tzu has the quote : If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading.
2852 Channing has the quote : Every man is a volume if you know how to read him.
2853 Buddha has the quote : Thousands of candles can be lit from a single, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
2854 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one.
2855 Eriksson has the quote : The greatest barrier to success is the fear of failure.
2856 Pierre Abelard has the quote : The beginning of wisdom is found in doubting; by doubting we come to the question, and by seeking we may come upon the truth.
2857 Marquis Vauvenargues has the quote : Wicked people are always surprised to find ability in those that are good.
2858 Abraham Lincoln has the quote : I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends.
2859 Dale Carnegie has the quote : Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
2860 unknown has the quote : We do what we do because we believe.
2861 Buddha has the quote : Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life.
2862 Tony Blair has the quote : Sometimes it is better to lose and do the right thing than to win and do the wrong thing.
2863 Confucius has the quote : Silence is the true friend that never betrays.
2864 John Lennon has the quote : You may say Im a dreamer, but Im not the only one, I hope someday you will join us, and the world will live as one.
2865 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit.
2866 Ella Fitzgerald has the quote : It isn't where you come from, it's where you're going that counts.
2867 Stephen Kaggwa has the quote : Try and fail, but don't fail to try.
2868 unknown has the quote : You can do what's reasonable or you can decide what's possible.
2869 Walter Anderson has the quote : Nothing diminishes anxiety faster than action.
2870 Buddha has the quote : The mind is everything. What you think you become.
2871 unknown has the quote : Put your future in good hands  your own.
2872 Douglas Adams has the quote : Human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so.
2873 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : I may not know everything, but everything is not known yet anyway.
2874 unknown has the quote : As the rest of the world is walking out the door, your best friends are the ones walking in.
2875 Vernon Cooper has the quote : These days people seek knowledge, not wisdom. Knowledge is of the past, wisdom is of the future.
2876 Mother Teresa has the quote : We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do.
2877 Eckhart Tolle has the quote : You do not become good by trying to be good, but by finding the goodness that is already within you.
2878 Abraham Lincoln has the quote : Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any one thing.
2879 Dalai Lama has the quote : Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
2880 Bernard Shaw has the quote : A life spent making mistakes is not only more honourable but more useful than a life spent in doing nothing.
2881 Jack Buck has the quote : Things turn out best for those who make the best of the way things turn out.
2882 Marsha Petrie Sue has the quote : Stay away from what might have been and look at what will be.
2883 Napoleon Bonaparte has the quote : Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in.
2884 Buddha has the quote : He who experiences the unity of life sees his own Self in all beings, and all beings in his own Self, and looks on everything with an impartial eye.
2885 David Seamans has the quote : We cannot change our memories, but we can change their meaning and the power they have over us.
2886 William Arthur Ward has the quote : Four steps to achievement: Plan purposefully. Prepare prayerfully. Proceed positively. Pursue persistently.
2887 Tenzin Gyatso has the quote : When we feel love and kindness toward others, it not only makes others feel loved and cared for, but it helps us also to develop inner happiness and peace.
2888 Confucius has the quote : I am not bothered by the fact that I am unknown. I am bothered when I do not know others.
2889 Bernard Shaw has the quote : A life spent making mistakes is not only more honourable but more useful than a life spent in doing nothing.
2890 Holmes has the quote : Fame usually comes to those who are thinking about something else.
2891 Plutarch has the quote : Know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly.
2892 Alfred Korzybski has the quote : There are two ways to slide easily through life: to believe everything or to doubt everything; both ways save us from thinking.
2893 Jack Buck has the quote : Things turn out best for those who make the best of the way things turn out.
2894 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Your destiny isn't just fate; it is how you use your own developed abilities to get what you want.
2895 Richard Bach has the quote : Every problem has a gift for you in its hands.
2896 Princess Diana has the quote : Only do what your heart tells you.
2897 unknown has the quote : When you lose, don't lose the lesson.
2898 Henry Longfellow has the quote : He that respects himself is safe from others; he wears a coat of mail that none can pierce.
2899 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
2900 Jacob Braude has the quote : Consider how hard it is to change yourself and you'll understand what little chance you have in trying to change others.
2901 William R. Inge has the quote : Nature takes away any faculty that is not used.
2902 Dalai Lama has the quote : Compassion and happiness are not a sign of weakness but a sign of strength.
2903 Confucius has the quote : Learning without reflection is a waste, reflection without learning is dangerous.
2904 Thomas Jefferson has the quote : Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.
2905 Dalai Lama has the quote : The greatest antidote to insecurity and the sense of fear is compassion  it brings one back to the basis of one's inner strength
2906 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Everything you are against weakens you. Everything you are for empowers you.
2907 Richard Bach has the quote : The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it.
2908 Ralph Emerson has the quote : We must be as courteous to a man as we are to a picture, which we are willing to give the advantage of a good light.
2909 Marian Edelman has the quote : You're not obligated to win. You're obligated to keep trying to do the best you can every day.
2910 Tenzin Gyatso has the quote : To be aware of a single shortcoming in oneself is more useful than to be aware of a thousand in someone else.
2911 Epictetus has the quote : Difficulties are things that show a person what they are.
2912 George Santayan has the quote : Those who cannot learn from history are doomed to repeat it.
2913 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Everything in the universe goes by indirection. There are no straight lines.
2914 Confucius has the quote : They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom.
2915 Buddha has the quote : Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth.
2916 Pablo Picasso has the quote : I begin with an idea and then it becomes something else.
2917 Lao Tzu has the quote : He who talks more is sooner exhausted.
2918 Barack Obama has the quote : Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones weve been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.
2919 Dalai Lama has the quote : Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
2920 George Matthew Adams has the quote : Each day can be one of triumph if you keep up your interests.
2921 unknown has the quote : Every man dies. Not every man really lives.
2922 Mother Teresa has the quote : Peace begins with a smile.
2923 Carlos Castaneda has the quote : The trick is in what one emphasizes. We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy. The amount of work is the same.
2924 Dhammapada has the quote : Just as a flower, which seems beautiful has color but no perfume, so are the fruitless words of a man who speaks them but does them not.
2925 Buddha has the quote : No matter how hard the past, you can always begin again.
2926 Albert Camus has the quote : Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower.
2927 Fannie Hamer has the quote : There is one thing you have got to learn about our movement. Three people are better than no people.
2928 Jessamyn West has the quote : It is very easy to forgive others their mistakes; it takes more grit to forgive them for having witnessed your own.
2929 Tony Robbins has the quote : We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish.
2930 Anatole France has the quote : It is better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot.
2931 John Muir has the quote : When one tugs at a single thing in nature, he finds it attached to the rest of the world.
2932 Carl Jung has the quote : Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darknesses of other people.
2933 Tony Robbins has the quote : Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach.
2934 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Courage is not about taking risks unknowingly but putting your own being in front of challenges that others may not be able to.
2935 Mohandas Gandhi has the quote : The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
2936 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Our distrust is very expensive.
2937 Thich Nhat Hanh has the quote : To be beautiful means to be yourself. You dont need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself.
2938 Alan Watts has the quote : No valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.
2939 Richard Bach has the quote : To fly as fast as thought, you must begin by knowing that you have already arrived.
2940 Charles Perkhurst has the quote : The heart has eyes which the brain knows nothing of.
2941 Buddha has the quote : Happiness comes when your work and words are of benefit to yourself and others.
2942 Charles Darwin has the quote : The highest stage in moral ure at which we can arrive is when we recognize that we ought to control our thoughts.
2943 unknown has the quote : To get something you never had, you have to do something you never did.
2944 John Steinbeck has the quote : If we could learn to like ourselves, even a little, maybe our cruelties and angers might melt away.
2945 Daisaku Ikeda has the quote : What matters is the value we've created in our lives, the people we've made happy and how much we've grown as people.
2946 unknown has the quote : Why worry about tomorrow, when today is all we have?
2947 John Ruskin has the quote : Quality is never an accident; it is always the result of intelligent effort.
2948 Robert Kennedy has the quote : Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
2949 unknown has the quote : Giving up doesn't always mean you are weak. Sometimes it means that you are strong enough to let go.
2950 Jack Buck has the quote : Things turn out best for those who make the best of the way things turn out.
2951 Buddha has the quote : We are what we think. All that we are arises with our thoughts. With our thoughts, we make the world.
2952 Albert Einstein has the quote : Anyone who doesn't take truth seriously in small matters cannot be trusted in large ones either.
2953 Frederick Wilcox has the quote : Progress always involves risks. You can't steal second base and keep your foot on first.
2954 Tony Robbins has the quote : Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers.
2955 Tony Robbins has the quote : The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment.
2956 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Transformation doesn't take place with a vacuum; instead, it occurs when we are indirectly and directly connected to all those around us.
2957 Henry Miller has the quote : The moment one gives close attention to anything, even a blade of grass, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself.
2958 Arthur Conan Doyle has the quote : Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius.
2959 Gloria Steinem has the quote : Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning.
2960 Virgil has the quote : They can conquer who believe they can.
2961 Napoleon Hill has the quote : The world has the habit of making room for the man whose actions show that he knows where he is going.
2962 Confucius has the quote : Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
2963 Dalai Lama has the quote : By going beyond your own problems and taking care of others, you gain inner strength, self-confidence, courage, and a greater sense of calm.
2964 Seneca has the quote : Things that were hard to bear are sweet to remember.
2965 Anthony Robbins has the quote : Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more
2966 Henry James has the quote : Three things in human life are important. The first is to be kind. The second is to be kind. The third is to be kind.
2967 Buddha has the quote : However many holy words you read, However many you speak, What good will they do you If you do not act on upon them?
2968 Epictetus has the quote : Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly.
2969 Edmund Burke has the quote : Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little.
2970 Hannah More has the quote : Obstacles are those things you see when you take your eyes off the goal.
2971 Claire Charmont has the quote : The one who always loses, is the only person who gets the reward.
2972 Bruce Lee has the quote : To know oneself is to study oneself in action with another person.
2973 Napoleon Hill has the quote : No man can succeed in a line of endeavor which he does not like.
2974 Ralph Waldo Emerson has the quote : Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself.
2975 Philip Breedveld has the quote : Moments of complete apathy are the best for new creations.
2976 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Nothing is at last sacred but the integrity of your own mind.
2977 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Adversity isn't set against you to fail; adversity is a way to build your character so that you can succeed over and over again through perseverance.
2978 unknown has the quote : We do what we do because we believe.
2979 Peter Drucker has the quote : There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all.
2980 Lou Holtz has the quote : You were not born a winner, and you were not born a loser. You are what you make yourself be.
2981 Ken S. Keyes has the quote : To be upset over what you don't have is to waste what you do have.
2982 Rumi has the quote : Everyone has been made for some particular work, and the desire for that work has been put in every heart.
2983 H. W. Arnold has the quote : The worst bankrupt in the world is the person who has lost his enthusiasm.
2984 Lao Tzu has the quote : He who is contented is rich.
2985 Bruce Lee has the quote : Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it.
2986 Blaise Pascal has the quote : We know the truth, not only by the reason, but by the heart.
2987 Maya Angelou has the quote : Prejudice is a burden that confuses the past, threatens the future and renders the present inaccessible.
2988 unknown has the quote : Letting go isnt the end of the world; its the beginning of a new life.
2989 John Dewey has the quote : Conflict is the gadfly of thought. It stirs us to observation and memory. It instigates to invention. It shocks us out of sheeplike passivity, and sets us at noting and contriving.
2990 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Real magic in relationships means an absence of judgement of others.
2991 Babe Ruth has the quote : Yesterdays home runs don't win today's games.
2992 Confucius has the quote : Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
2993 Wayne Dyer has the quote : There is no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love; theres only scarcity of resolve to make it happen.
2994 unknown has the quote : The best place to find a helping hand is at the end of your own arm.
2995 Mortimer Adler has the quote : The purpose of learning is growth, and our minds, unlike our bodies, can continue growing as we continue to live.
2996 Richard Bach has the quote : In order to win, you must expect to win.
2997 Nikos Kazantzakis has the quote : By believing passionately in something that does not yet exist, we create it.
2998 Winston Churchill has the quote : Never, never, never give up.
2999 Moncure Conway has the quote : The best thing in every noble dream is the dreamer...
3000 unknown has the quote : Everyone smiles in the same language.
3001 Ralph Emerson has the quote : If the stars should appear but one night every thousand years how man would marvel and adore.
3002 Catherine Pulsifer has the quote : Rather than wishing for change, you first must be prepared to change.
3003 William Hazlitt has the quote : Just as much as we see in others we have in ourselves.
3004 Albert Einstein has the quote : One may say the eternal mystery of the world is its comprehensibility.
3005 Tim Menchen has the quote : To dream of the person you would like to be is to waste the person you are.
3006 unknown has the quote : Every day may not be good, but there's something good in every day.
3007 Mary Kay Ash has the quote : For every failure, there's an alternative course of action. You just have to find it. When you come to a roadblock, take a detour.
3008 unknown has the quote : A beautiful thing is never perfect.
3009 Napoleon Hill has the quote : You give before you get.
3010 Buddha has the quote : You only lose what you cling to.
3011 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Go put your creed into the deed. Nor speak with double tongue.
3012 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit.
3013 Cicero has the quote : Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the paren't of all the others.
3014 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : The universe is transformation; our life is what our thoughts make it.
3015 Og Mandino has the quote : Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity.
3016 Cheng Yen has the quote : Happiness does not come from having much, but from being attached to little.
3017 Frank Tyger has the quote : Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble.
3018 Naomi Williams has the quote : It is impossible to feel grateful and depressed in the same moment.
3019 Pearl Buck has the quote : Every great mistake has a halfway moment, a split second when it can be recalled and perhaps remedied.
3020 unknown has the quote : Don't let today's disappointments cast a shadow on tomorrow's dreams.
3021 Matt Zotti has the quote : Live through feeling and you will live through love. For feeling is the language of the soul, and feeling is truth.
3022 Yogi Berra has the quote : You got to be careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there.
3023 Sai Baba has the quote : All action results from thought, so it is thoughts that matter.
3024 Wayne Dyer has the quote : You'll see it when you believe it.
3025 Tony Robbins has the quote : Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach.
3026 Harriet Beecher Stowe has the quote : All serious daring starts from within.
3027 Charles R. Swindoll has the quote : We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations.
3028 Buddha has the quote : Meditation brings wisdom; lack of mediation leaves ignorance. Know well what leads you forward and what hold you back, and choose the path that leads to wisdom.
3029 unknown has the quote : What we see is mainly what we look for.
3030 Thomas Edison has the quote : Opportunity is missed by most because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
3031 Robert Schuller has the quote : As we grow as unique persons, we learn to respect the uniqueness of others.
3032 John Dewey has the quote : The self is not something ready-made, but something in continuous formation through choice of action.
3033 Alfred Tennyson has the quote : The happiness of a man in this life does not consist in the absence but in the mastery of his passions.
3034 Elisabeth Kubler-Ross has the quote : I believe that we are solely responsible for our choices, and we have to accept the consequences of every deed, word, and thought throughout our lifetime.
3035 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one.
3036 Bernadette Devlin has the quote : Yesterday I dared to struggle. Today I dare to win.
3037 G. K. Chesterton has the quote : I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on man unless they act.
3038 unknown has the quote : We cannot direct the wind but we can adjust the sails.
3039 William Penn has the quote : True silence is the rest of the mind; it is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment.
3040 Lou Holtz has the quote : Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do.Attitude determines how well you do it.
3041 Alexander Pope has the quote : Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame.
3042 Blaise Pascal has the quote : We must learn our limits. We are all something, but none of us are everything.
3043 Samuel Taylor Coleridge has the quote : Imagination is the living power and prime agent of all human perception.
3044 Lao Tzu has the quote : Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love.
3045 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the universe.
3046 Everett Dirksen has the quote : I am a man of fixed and unbending principles, the first of which is to be flexible at all times.
3047 John Pierrakos has the quote : Life is movement-we breathe, we eat, we walk, we move!
3048 Buddha has the quote : Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it.
3049 Robert M. Pirsig has the quote : The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands.
3050 Angela Schwindt has the quote : While we try to teach our children all about life, our children teach us what life is all about.
3051 Albert Einstein has the quote : There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.
3052 Lao Tzu has the quote : He who conquers others is strong; He who conquers himself is mighty.
3053 Maya Angelou has the quote : Prejudice is a burden that confuses the past, threatens the future and renders the present inaccessible.
3054 Zig Ziglar has the quote : You are the only person on earth who can use your ability.
3055 Charles Dubois has the quote : The important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become.
3056 Helen Keller has the quote : No pessimist ever discovered the secrets of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new heaven to the human spirit.
3057 Holmes has the quote : Fame usually comes to those who are thinking about something else.
3058 Buddha has the quote : Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
3059 William White has the quote : I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today.
3060 James Yorke has the quote : The most successful people are those who are good at plan B.
3061 Anne Schaef has the quote : Life is a process. We are a process. The universe is a process.
3062 Mahatma Gandhi has the quote : Our greatness lies not so much in being able to remake the world as being able to remake ourselves.
3063 Isocrates has the quote : The noblest worship is to make yourself as good and as just as you can.
3064 John Powell has the quote : The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing.
3065 unknown has the quote : Don't let today's disappointments cast a shadow on tomorrow's dreams.
3066 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Give thanks for the rain of life that propels us to reach new horizons.
3067 Blaise Pascal has the quote : Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world.
3068 Robert Stevenson has the quote : To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life.
3069 Napoleon Bonaparte has the quote : The truest wisdom is a resolute determination.
3070 English proverb has the quote : Take heed: you do not find what you do not seek.
3071 unknown has the quote : Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.
3072 Voltaire has the quote : To enjoy life, we must touch much of it lightly.
3073 Christopher Morley has the quote : There is only one success  to be able to spend your life in your own way.
3074 Epictetus has the quote : Nature gave us one tongue and two ears so we could hear twice as much as we speak.
3075 Herbert Swope has the quote : I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: which is: Try to please everybody.
3076 Buckminster Fuller has the quote : There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly.
3077 Christopher Reeve has the quote : Once you choose hope, anythings possible.
3078 Lama Yeshe has the quote : It is never too late. Even if you are going to die tomorrow, keep yourself straight and clear and be a happy human being today.
3079 William James has the quote : Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
3080 Thomas Jefferson has the quote : Reason and free inquiry are the only effectual agents against error.
3081 Bernard Shaw has the quote : We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.
3082 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : The really unhappy person is the one who leaves undone what they can do, and starts doing what they don't understand; no wonder they come to grief.
3083 unknown has the quote : Why worry about tomorrow, when today is all we have?
3084 Kahlil Gibran has the quote : To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do.
3085 Moliere has the quote : It is not only for what we do that we are held responsible, but also for what we do not do.
3086 Cadet Maxim has the quote : Risk more than others think is safe. Care more than others think is wise. Dream more than others think is practical.Expect more than others think is possible.
3087 Zig Ziglar has the quote : Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude.
3088 Henri-Frederic Amiel has the quote : Work while you have the light. You are responsible for the talent that has been entrusted to you.
3089 Robert Stevenson has the quote : Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant.
3090 Carl Jung has the quote : Without this playing with fantasy no creative work has ever yet come to birth. The debt we owe to the play of the imagination is incalculable.
3091 Mother Teresa has the quote : Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
3092 Lily Tomlin has the quote : I always wanted to be somebody, but I should have been more specific.
3093 unknown has the quote : Peace of mind is not the absence of conflict from life, but the ability to cope with it.
3094 unknown has the quote : The harder you fall, the higher you bounce.
3095 Babe Ruth has the quote : Yesterdays home runs don't win today's games.
3096 Charles Perkhurst has the quote : The heart has eyes which the brain knows nothing of.
3097 Anatole France has the quote : You learn to speak by speaking, to study by studying, to run by running, to work by working; in just the same way, you learn to love by loving.
3098 Helen Keller has the quote : Face your deficiencies and acknowledge them; but do not let them master you. Let them teach you patience, sweetness, insight.
3099 Dale Carnegie has the quote : When fate hands us a lemon, lets try to make lemonade.
3100 Jamie Paolinetti has the quote : Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless.
3101 Henry Thoreau has the quote : Things do not change; we change.
3102 Albert Camus has the quote : All men have a sweetness in their life. That is what helps them go on. It is towards that they turn when they feel too worn out.
3103 Lawrence Peter has the quote : If you don't know where you are going, you will probably end up somewhere else.
3104 Lou Holtz has the quote : Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do.Attitude determines how well you do it.
3105 unknown has the quote : Everyone smiles in the same language.
3106 Aristotle has the quote : Criticism is something you can easily avoid by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing.
3107 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Respect is not something that you can ask for, buy or borrow. Respect is what you earn from each person no matter their background or status.
3108 Ralph Marston has the quote : Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude.
3109 Leonardo da Vinci has the quote : I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do.
3110 Richard Bach has the quote : Strong beliefs win strong men, and then make them stronger.
3111 Tryon Edwards has the quote : He that never changes his opinions, never corrects his mistakes, and will never be wiser on the morrow than he is today.
3112 unknown has the quote : When you don't know what you believe, everything becomes an argument. Everything is debatable. But when you stand for something, decisions are obvious.
3113 Richard Bach has the quote : You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past.
3114 Norman Cousins has the quote : Never deny a diagnosis, but do deny the negative verdict that may go with it.
3115 A. A. Milne has the quote : One of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exciting discoveries.
3116 Confucius has the quote : If you look into your own heart, and you find nothing wrong there, what is there to worry about? What is there to fear?
3117 Buddha has the quote : Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life.
3118 Buddha has the quote : If you propose to speak, always ask yourself, is it true, is it necessary, is it kind.
3119 Ralph Marston has the quote : Let go of your attachment to being right, and suddenly your mind is more open. You're able to benefit from the unique viewpoints of others, without being crippled by your own judgement.
3120 Jack Buck has the quote : Things turn out best for those who make the best of the way things turn out.
3121 Coco Chanel has the quote : How many cares one loses when one decides not to be something but to be someone.
3122 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Everything is perfect in the universe  even your desire to improve it.
3123 George Orwell has the quote : Myths which are believed in tend to become true.
3124 Harry Kemp has the quote : The poor man is not he who is without a cent, but he who is without a dream.
3125 George Sand has the quote : There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved.
3126 Wayne Dyer has the quote : You can't choose up sides on a round world.
3127 Napoleon Bonaparte has the quote : The best cure for the body is a quiet mind.
3128 Jane Roberts has the quote : By accepting yourself and being fully what you are, your presence can make others happy.
3129 Buddha has the quote : Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
3130 unknown has the quote : A good teacher is like a candle  it consumes itself to light the way for others.
3131 Og Mandino has the quote : Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
3132 Mother Teresa has the quote : Kind words can be short and easy to speak but their echoes are truly endless.
3133 Thich Nhat Hanh has the quote : To be beautiful means to be yourself. You dont need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself.
3134 Frank Tyger has the quote : Learn to listen. Opportunity could be knocking at your door very softly.
3135 Fran Watson has the quote : As we risk ourselves, we grow. Each new experience is a risk.
3136 Ellen Parr has the quote : The cure for boredom is curiosity. There is no cure for curiosity.
3137 Babe Ruth has the quote : Yesterdays home runs don't win today's games.
3138 Colette has the quote : I love my past. I love my present. Im not ashamed of what Ive had, and Im not sad because I have it no longer.
3139 Geoffrey F. Abert has the quote : Prosperity depends more on wanting what you have than having what you want.
3140 Anatole France has the quote : To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.
3141 Richard Bach has the quote : Allow the world to live as it chooses, and allow yourself to live as you choose.
3142 Vernon Cooper has the quote : These days people seek knowledge, not wisdom. Knowledge is of the past, wisdom is of the future.
3143 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Opportunity often comes disguised in the form of misfortune, or temporary defeat.
3144 John Marshall has the quote : To listen well is as powerful a means of communication and influence as to talk well.
3145 Dalai Lama has the quote : See the positive side, the potential, and make an effort.
3146 Dalai Lama has the quote : Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
3147 Sophocles has the quote : Ignorant men don't know what good they hold in their hands until they've flung it away.
3148 Mark Twain has the quote : Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
3149 Lao Tzu has the quote : He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know.
3150 Chinese proverb has the quote : If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape one hundred days of sorrow.
3151 Ralph Emerson has the quote : We must be as courteous to a man as we are to a picture, which we are willing to give the advantage of a good light.
3152 Tom Krause has the quote : There are no failures. Just experiences and your reactions to them.
3153 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Happiness is found in doing, not merely possessing.
3154 Wayne Dyer has the quote : You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're alone with.
3155 Alfred Korzybski has the quote : There are two ways to slide easily through life: to believe everything or to doubt everything; both ways save us from thinking.
3156 Jane Addams has the quote : Our doubts are traitors and make us lose the good we often might win, by fearing to attempt.
3157 John Dewey has the quote : The self is not something ready-made, but something in continuous formation through choice of action.
3158 Buddha has the quote : He who experiences the unity of life sees his own Self in all beings, and all beings in his own Self, and looks on everything with an impartial eye.
3159 Donald Trump has the quote : You have to think anyway, so why not think big?
3160 Stephen Sigmund has the quote : Learn wisdom from the ways of a seedling. A seedling which is never hardened off through stressful situations will never become a strong productive plant.
3161 Wayne Dyer has the quote : I cannot always control what goes on outside. But I can always control what goes on inside.
3162 Philip Breedveld has the quote : Moments of complete apathy are the best for new creations.
3163 Anne Lindbergh has the quote : If one is estranged from oneself, then one is estranged from others too. If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others.
3164 Napoleon Bonaparte has the quote : If you want a thing done well, do it yourself.
3165 Frank Tyger has the quote : Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble.
3166 Blaise Pascal has the quote : Kind words do not cost much. Yet they accomplish much.
3167 Rumi has the quote : Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love.
3168 Hausa has the quote : Give thanks for a little and you will find a lot.
3169 Louise Hay has the quote : The thoughts we choose to think are the tools we use to paint the canvas of our lives.
3170 Doug Horton has the quote : Be your own hero, it's cheaper than a movie ticket.
3171 H. Jackson Browne has the quote : Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is.
3172 Walt Disney has the quote : If you can dream it, you can do it.
3173 Walter Lippmann has the quote : Where all think alike, no one thinks very much.
3174 Charles Dickens has the quote : Don't leave a stone unturned. It's always something, to know you have done the most you could.
3175 Albert Einstein has the quote : In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
3176 Seneca has the quote : If one does not know to which port is sailing, no wind is favorable.
3177 Helen Keller has the quote : Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, vision cleared, ambition inspired, and success achieved.
3178 Edwin Markham has the quote : We have committed the Golden Rule to memory; let us now commit it to life.
3179 Ray Bradbury has the quote : Living at risk is jumping off the cliff and building your wings on the way down.
3180 Pema Chodron has the quote : To be fully alive, fully human, and completely awake is to be continually thrown out of the nest.
3181 Swedish proverb has the quote : Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow.
3182 Napoleon Hill has the quote : All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea.
3183 Joan Didion has the quote : To free us from the expectations of others, to give us back to ourselves  there lies the great, singular power of self-respect.
3184 Albert Einstein has the quote : One may say the eternal mystery of the world is its comprehensibility.
3185 William Blake has the quote : For everything that lives is holy, life delights in life.
3186 John Berry has the quote : The bird of paradise alights only upon the hand that does not grasp.
3187 Lily Tomlin has the quote : I always wanted to be somebody, but I should have been more specific.
3188 unknown has the quote : Why worry about things you cant control when you can keep yourself busy controlling the things that depend on you?
3189 Confucius has the quote : To be wrong is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
3190 Honore de Balzac has the quote : When you doubt your power, you give power to your doubt.
3191 H. Bertram Lewis has the quote : The happy and efficient people in this world are those who accept trouble as a normal detail of human life and resolve to capitalize it when it comes along.
3192 unknown has the quote : Why worry about tomorrow, when today is all we have?
3193 Tony Robbins has the quote : The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment.
3194 Soren Kierkegaard has the quote : To dare is to lose ones footing momentarily. To not dare is to lose oneself.
3195 Paavo Nurmi has the quote : Mind is everything: muscle, pieces of rubber. All that I am, I am because of my mind.
3196 Daisaku Ikeda has the quote : Genuine sincerity opens people's hearts, while manipulation causes them to close.
3197 Robert Graves has the quote : Intuition is the supra-logic that cuts out all the routine processes of thought and leaps straight from the problem to the answer.
3198 Confucius has the quote : What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others.
3199 J. Willard Marriott has the quote : Good timber does not grow with ease; the stronger the wind, the stronger the trees.
3200 Oscar Wilde has the quote : Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
3201 Edwin Chapin has the quote : Every action of our lives touches on some chord that will vibrate in eternity.
3202 Billie Armstrong has the quote : Our passion is our strength.
3203 Shunryu Suzuki has the quote : The most important point is to accept yourself and stand on your two feet.
3204 Bruce Lee has the quote : As you think, so shall you become.
3205 John Marshall has the quote : To listen well is as powerful a means of communication and influence as to talk well.
3206 Confucius has the quote : Study the past, if you would divine the future.
3207 Bernard Shaw has the quote : Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
3208 Lao Tzu has the quote : The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
3209 Dalai Lama has the quote : People take different roads seeking fulfilment and happiness. Just because theyre not on your road doesn't mean they've gotten lost.
3210 Mark Twain has the quote : Whoever is happy will make others happy, too.
3211 Charlotte Bronte has the quote : Life is so constructed that an event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation.
3212 Paul Boese has the quote : Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future.
3213 Harry Burchell Mathews has the quote : Translation is the paradigm, the exemplar of all writing. It is translation that demonstrates most vividly the yearning for transformation that underlies every act involving speech, that supremely human gift.
3214 Michael Burke has the quote : Good instincts usually tell you what to do long before your head has figured it out.
3215 unknown has the quote : You may only be someone in the world, but to someone else, you may be the world.
3216 Seneca has the quote : Most powerful is he who has himself in his own power.
3217 Buddha has the quote : You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
3218 Holmes has the quote : Fame usually comes to those who are thinking about something else.
3219 Walt Disney has the quote : If you can dream it, you can do it.
3220 Wayne Dyer has the quote : There is no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love; theres only scarcity of resolve to make it happen.
3221 Bob Newhart has the quote : All I can say about life is, Oh God, enjoy it!
3222 Martha Washington has the quote : The greatest part of our happiness depends on our dispositions, not our circumstances.
3223 Publilius Syrus has the quote : A rolling stone gathers no moss.
3224 Albert Einstein has the quote : Setting an example is not the main means of influencing another, it is the only means.
3225 Henry Longfellow has the quote : He that respects himself is safe from others; he wears a coat of mail that none can pierce.
3226 unknown has the quote : Our greatest glory is not in never failing but rising everytime we fall.
3227 Max Planck has the quote : It is not the possession of truth, but the success which attends the seeking after it, that enriches the seeker and brings happiness to him.
3228 Leonardo da Vinci has the quote : In rivers, the water that you touch is the last of what has passed and the first of that which comes; so with present time.
3229 Lao Tzu has the quote : I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures.
3230 Leo F. Buscaglia has the quote : Don't smother each other. No one can grow in the shade.
3231 John Dryden has the quote : A thing well said will be wit in all languages.
3232 Abraham Lincoln has the quote : Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be.
3233 unknown has the quote : What you see depends on what you're looking for.
3234 Confucius has the quote : Fine words and an insinuating appearance are seldom associated with true virtue
3235 Walter Lippmann has the quote : Where all think alike, no one thinks very much.
3236 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
3237 Bruce Lee has the quote : As you think, so shall you become.
3238 Epictetus has the quote : Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens.
3239 Plotinus has the quote : Knowledge has three degrees  opinion, science, illumination. The means or instrument of the first is sense; of the second, dialectic; of the third, intuition.
3240 Thomas Jefferson has the quote : Don't talk about what you have done or what you are going to do.
3241 Yogi Berra has the quote : You can observe a lot just by watching.
3242 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Patience is a virtue but you will never ever accomplish anything if you don't exercise action over patience.
3243 Lily Tomlin has the quote : I always wanted to be somebody, but I should have been more specific.
3244 Rumi has the quote : Something opens our wings. Something makes boredom and hurt disappear. Someone fills the cup in front of us: We taste only sacredness.
3245 Charlotte Perkins Gilman has the quote : The first duty of a human being is to assume the right functional relationship to society  more briefly, to find your real job, and do it.
3246 Dalai Lama has the quote : I believe that we are fundamentally the same and have the same basic potential.
3247 Anna Pavlova has the quote : To follow, without halt, one aim: There is the secret of success.
3248 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Go for it now. The future is promised to no one.
3249 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Belief consists in accepting the affirmations of the soul; Unbelief, in denying them.
3250 Pema Chodron has the quote : The future is completely open, and we are writing it moment to moment.
3251 Catherine Pulsifer has the quote : You can adopt the attitude there is nothing you can do, or you can see the challenge as your call to action.
3252 Dalai Lama has the quote : By going beyond your own problems and taking care of others, you gain inner strength, self-confidence, courage, and a greater sense of calm.
3253 unknown has the quote : Never tell me the skys the limit when there are footprints on the moon.
3254 Confucius has the quote : Fine words and an insinuating appearance are seldom associated with true virtue
3255 Albert Einstein has the quote : The only real valuable thing is intuition.
3256 Confucius has the quote : It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
3257 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : The really unhappy person is the one who leaves undone what they can do, and starts doing what they don't understand; no wonder they come to grief.
3258 Maya Angelou has the quote : If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can totally transform one million realities.
3259 Lao Tzu has the quote : To see things in the seed, that is genius.
3260 Larry Elder has the quote : A goal without a plan is just a wish.
3261 unknown has the quote : Don't focus on making the right decision, focus on making the decision the right one.
3262 Lao Tzu has the quote : One who is too insistent on his own views, finds few to agree with him.
3263 Pema Chodron has the quote : If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher.
3264 unknown has the quote : We cannot direct the wind but we can adjust the sails.
3265 Thomas Paine has the quote : The most formidable weapon against errors of every kind is reason.
3266 Goethe has the quote : Just trust yourself, then you will know how to live.
3267 Joan Didion has the quote : To free us from the expectations of others, to give us back to ourselves  there lies the great, singular power of self-respect.
3268 Leonardo da Vinci has the quote : Iron rusts from disuse; water loses its purity from stagnation... even so does inaction sap the vigour of the mind.
3269 Abraham Lincoln has the quote : Truth is generally the best vindication against slander.
3270 Sri Chinmoy has the quote : Judge nothing, you will be happy. Forgive everything, you will be happier. Love everything, you will be happiest.
3271 Tony Robbins has the quote : Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers.
3272 Arthur Conan Doyle has the quote : Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius.
3273 Leo Tolstoy has the quote : Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
3274 Buddha has the quote : Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace.
3275 Dale Carnegie has the quote : Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
3276 Dalai Lama has the quote : Happiness does not come about only due to external circumstances; it mainly derives from inner attitudes.
3277 Helen Keller has the quote : The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen, nor touched... but are felt in the heart.
3278 George Bernard Shaw has the quote : The possibilities are numerous once we decide to act and not react.
3279 Mother Teresa has the quote : Do not wait for leaders; do it alone, person to person.
3280 John Lennon has the quote : Time you enjoyed wasting was not wasted.
3281 Oliver Holmes has the quote : We do not quit playing because we grow old, we grow old because we quit playing.
3282 Mark Twain has the quote : Whoever is happy will make others happy, too.
3283 William Londen has the quote : To ensure good health: eat lightly, breathe deeply, live moderately, cultivate cheerfulness, and maintain an interest in life.
3284 unknown has the quote : Don't let what you can't do stop you from doing what you can do.
3285 unknown has the quote : Being right is highly overrated. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
3286 unknown has the quote : Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift that's why they call it the present.
3287 Chalmers has the quote : The grand essentials of happiness are: something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.
3288 Napoleon Bonaparte has the quote : He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat.
3289 Eleanor Roosevelt has the quote : The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
3290 Honore de Balzac has the quote : The smallest flower is a thought, a life answering to some feature of the Great Whole, of whom they have a persistent intuition.
3291 Franklin Roosevelt has the quote : The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
3292 Woody Guthrie has the quote : Take it easy  but take it.
3293 Helen Keller has the quote : No pessimist ever discovered the secrets of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new heaven to the human spirit.
3294 Lisa Alther has the quote : Thats the risk you take if you change: that people you've been involved with won't like the new you. But other people who do will come along.
3295 Buddha has the quote : Meditation brings wisdom; lack of mediation leaves ignorance. Know well what leads you forward and what hold you back, and choose the path that leads to wisdom.
3296 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Great are they who see that spiritual is stronger than any material force, that thoughts rule the world.
3297 Usman Asif has the quote : Fear is a darkroom where negatives develop.
3298 Rumi has the quote : Everyone has been made for some particular work, and the desire for that work has been put in every heart.
3299 Elizabeth Browning has the quote : Light tomorrow with today!
3300 Voltaire has the quote : Meditation is the dissolution of thoughts in eternal awareness or Pure consciousness without objectification, knowing without thinking, merging finitude in infinity.
3301 George Shaw has the quote : The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable man persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore, all progress depends on the unreasonable man.
3302 Richard Evans has the quote : The undertaking of a new action brings new strength.
3303 Richard Bach has the quote : Every person, all the events of your life are there because you have drawn them there. What you choose to do with them is up to you.
3304 unknown has the quote : Each time we face a fear, we gain strength, courage, and confidence in the doing.
3305 Confucius has the quote : Sincerity is the way of Heaven. The attainment of sincerity is the way of men.
3306 Aristotle has the quote : Well begun is half done.
3307 Albert Einstein has the quote : Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
3308 Jim Rohn has the quote : The more you care, the stronger you can be.
3309 unknown has the quote : A good rest is half the work.
3310 Bruce Lee has the quote : Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it.
3311 Confucius has the quote : It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
3312 Carl Jung has the quote : It all depends on how we look at things, and not how they are in themselves.
3313 unknown has the quote : Giving up doesn't always mean you are weak; sometimes it means that you are strong enough to let go.
3314 Anna Pavlova has the quote : To follow, without halt, one aim: There is the secret of success.
3315 Lauren Bacall has the quote : Imagination is the highest kite one can fly.
3316 Dalai Lama has the quote : Remember that sometimes not getting what you want is a wonderful stroke of luck.
3317 Harry Kemp has the quote : The poor man is not he who is without a cent, but he who is without a dream.
3318 Confucius has the quote : Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
3319 Ken S. Keyes has the quote : To be upset over what you don't have is to waste what you do have.
3320 Elisabeth Kubler-Ross has the quote : I believe that we are solely responsible for our choices, and we have to accept the consequences of every deed, word, and thought throughout our lifetime.
3321 William Shakespeare has the quote : We know what we are, but know not what we may be.
3322 Pericles has the quote : Time is the wisest counsellor of all.
3323 unknown has the quote : Letting go isnt the end of the world; its the beginning of a new life.
3324 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : The universe is transformation; our life is what our thoughts make it.
3325 Zadok Rabinowitz has the quote : A man's dreams are an index to his greatness.
3326 Stephen Kaggwa has the quote : Try and fail, but don't fail to try.
3327 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.
3328 Rumi has the quote : Something opens our wings. Something makes boredom and hurt disappear. Someone fills the cup in front of us: We taste only sacredness.
3329 Richard Bach has the quote : Strong beliefs win strong men, and then make them stronger.
3330 Henry Ford has the quote : Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
3331 Buddha has the quote : In a controversy the instant we feel anger we have already ceased striving for the truth, and have begun striving for ourselves.
3332 Richard Bach has the quote : The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it.
3333 Tony Robbins has the quote : Whatever happens, take responsibility.
3334 Henry Thoreau has the quote : The only way to tell the truth is to speak with kindness. Only the words of a loving man can be heard.
3335 Napoleon Hill has the quote : There are no limitations to the mind except those we acknowledge.
3336 Bruce Lee has the quote : Notice that the stiffest tree is most easily cracked, while the bamboo or willow survives by bending with the wind.
3337 James Barrie has the quote : We never understand how little we need in this world until we know the loss of it.
3338 Anais Nin has the quote : The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery. There is always more mystery.
3339 Richard Bach has the quote : Don't be dismayed by good-byes. A farewell is necessary before you can meet again. And meeting again, after moments or lifetimes, is certain for those who are friends.
3340 Uta Hagen has the quote : We must overcome the notion that we must be regular. It robs you of the chance to be extraordinary and leads you to the mediocre.
3341 Napoleon Bonaparte has the quote : Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in.
3342 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Transformation doesn't take place with a vacuum; instead, it occurs when we are indirectly and directly connected to all those around us.
3343 unknown has the quote : Everyone smiles in the same language.
3344 Tony Robbins has the quote : When people are like each other they tend to like each other.
3345 Alexander Pope has the quote : Blessed is the man who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
3346 Albert Schweitzer has the quote : Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
3347 Alfred Sheinwold has the quote : Learn all you can from the mistakes of others. You won't have time to make them all yourself.
3348 Chinese proverb has the quote : A single conversation across the table with a wise person is worth a months study of books.
3349 Dave Weinbaum has the quote : The secret to a rich life is to have more beginnings than endings.
3350 Charlotte Perkins Gilman has the quote : The first duty of a human being is to assume the right functional relationship to society  more briefly, to find your real job, and do it.
3351 Lao Tzu has the quote : I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures.
3352 Honore de Balzac has the quote : When you doubt your power, you give power to your doubt.
3353 Aristotle has the quote : Moral excellence comes about as a result of habit. We become just by doing just acts, temperate by doing temperate acts, brave by doing brave acts.
3354 Wayne Dyer has the quote : I think and that is all that I am.
3355 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Do not be too timid and squeamish about your reactions. All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better.
3356 John Dryden has the quote : Fortune befriends the bold.
3357 Margaret Mead has the quote : Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed people can change the world. Indeed. It is the only thing that ever has.
3358 E. M. Forster has the quote : One must be fond of people and trust them if one is not to make a mess of life.
3359 Dalai Lama has the quote : Compassion and happiness are not a sign of weakness but a sign of strength.
3360 Lucille Ball has the quote : Id rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not done.
3361 Helen Keller has the quote : The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen, nor touched... but are felt in the heart.
3362 Robert Orben has the quote : Don't think of it as failure. Think of it as time-released success.
3363 Mohandas Gandhi has the quote : Be the change that you want to see in the world.
3364 Helen Keller has the quote : Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, vision cleared, ambition inspired, and success achieved.
3365 Brian Tracy has the quote : Goals are the fuel in the furnace of achievement.
3366 Holmes has the quote : Fame usually comes to those who are thinking about something else.
3367 Donald Trump has the quote : Everything in life is luck.
3368 Alexander the Great has the quote : There is nothing impossible to him who will try.
3369 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Our intention creates our reality.
3370 Tony Robbins has the quote : The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives.
3371 George Sheehan has the quote : Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be.
3372 Rene Descartes has the quote : The greatest minds are capable of the greatest vices as well as of the greatest virtues.
3373 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Nature is a mutable cloud which is always and never the same.
3374 George Santayan has the quote : Those who cannot learn from history are doomed to repeat it.
3375 Eleanor Roosevelt has the quote : You must do the things you think you cannot do.
3376 Buckminster Fuller has the quote : There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly.
3377 African proverb has the quote : When deeds speak, words are nothing.
3378 unknown has the quote : One who asks a question is a fool for five minutes; one who does not ask a question remains a fool forever.
3379 Jean Lacordaire has the quote : We are the leaves of one branch, the drops of one sea, the flowers of one garden.
3380 Mary Kay Ash has the quote : For every failure, there's an alternative course of action. You just have to find it. When you come to a roadblock, take a detour.
3381 Jean-Paul Sartre has the quote : Man is not sum of what he has already, but rather the sum of what he does not yet have, of what he could have.
3382 Bruce Lee has the quote : If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.
3383 Jim Rohn has the quote : If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
3384 Jack Buck has the quote : Things turn out best for those who make the best of the way things turn out.
3385 Buddha has the quote : You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
3386 Plutarch has the quote : What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
3387 Albert Einstein has the quote : I never think of the future. It comes soon enough.
3388 Eriksson has the quote : The greatest barrier to success is the fear of failure.
3389 Napoleon Hill has the quote : When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve.
3390 Cavour has the quote : The man who trusts men will make fewer mistakes than he who distrusts them.
3391 Anais Nin has the quote : The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery. There is always more mystery.
3392 Richard Bach has the quote : What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly.
3393 Pema Chodron has the quote : The greatest obstacle to connecting with our joy is resentment.
3394 unknown has the quote : You don't drown by falling in water. You drown by staying there.
3395 Oprah Winfrey has the quote : Don't settle for a relationship that won't let you be yourself.
3396 Benjamin Franklin has the quote : Well done is better than well said.
3397 Katherine Mansfield has the quote : Make it a rule of life never to regret and never to look back. Regret is an appalling waste of energy; you can't build on it; it's only for wallowing in.
3398 Buddha has the quote : In a controversy the instant we feel anger we have already ceased striving for the truth, and have begun striving for ourselves.
3399 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Our intention creates our reality.
3400 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
3401 Vince Lombardi has the quote : If you'll not settle for anything less than your best, you will be amazed at what you can accomplish in your lives.
3402 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Transformation does not start with some one else changing you; transformation is an inner self reworking of what you are now to what you will be.
3403 Catherine Pulsifer has the quote : You can adopt the attitude there is nothing you can do, or you can see the challenge as your call to action.
3404 Blaise Pascal has the quote : Man is equally incapable of seeing the nothingness from which he emerges and the infinity in which he is engulfed.
3405 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Maxim for life: You get treated in life the way you teach people to treat you.
3406 William Lyon Phelps has the quote : This is the final test of a gentleman: his respect for those who can be of no possible value to him.
3407 Oprah Winfrey has the quote : With every experience, you alone are painting your own canvas, thought by thought, choice by choice.
3408 Helen Keller has the quote : No pessimist ever discovered the secrets of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new heaven to the human spirit.
3409 Maya Lin has the quote : To fly, we have to have resistance.
3410 William Shakespeare has the quote : God has given you one face, and you make yourself another.
3411 Richard Bach has the quote : Every problem has a gift for you in its hands.
3412 Richard Bach has the quote : You teach best what you most need to learn.
3413 Carla Gordon has the quote : If someone in your life talked to you the way you talk to yourself, you would have left them long ago.
3414 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : Loss is nothing else but change,and change is Natures delight.
3415 Elbert Hubbard has the quote : A failure is a man who has blundered but is not capable of cashing in on the experience.
3416 Ralph Emerson has the quote : In skating over thin ice our safety is in our speed.
3417 Linda Hogan has the quote : There is a way that nature speaks, that land speaks. Most of the time we are simply not patient enough, quiet enough, to pay attention to the story.
3418 Rita Mae Brown has the quote : Creativity comes from trust. Trust your instincts. And never hope more than you work.
3419 Pearl Buck has the quote : You cannot make yourself feel something you do not feel, but you can make yourself do right in spite of your feelings.
3420 Mother Teresa has the quote : Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
3421 George Eliot has the quote : It is never too late to be what you might have been.
3422 Seneca has the quote : The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
3423 Socrates has the quote : The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be.
3424 Georg Lichtenberg has the quote : Everyone is a genius at least once a year. A real genius has his original ideas closer together.
3425 Elbert Hubbard has the quote : To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.
3426 Lou Holtz has the quote : I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary.
3427 Confucius has the quote : Ability will never catch up with the demand for it.
3428 unknown has the quote : Everyone smiles in the same language.
3429 David Brinkley has the quote : A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her.
3430 Lao Tzu has the quote : The key to growth is the introduction of higher dimensions of consciousness into our awareness.
3431 H. Bertram Lewis has the quote : The happy and efficient people in this world are those who accept trouble as a normal detail of human life and resolve to capitalize it when it comes along.
3432 Laura Teresa Marquez has the quote : Arrogance and rudeness are training wheels on the bicycle of life  for weak people who cannot keep their balance without them.
3433 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Complaining doesn't change a thing only taking action does.
3434 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : You can't trust without risk but neither can you live in a cocoon.
3435 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Everything you are against weakens you. Everything you are for empowers you.
3436 Buddha has the quote : The way is not in the sky. The way is in the heart.
3437 Lao Tzu has the quote : Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning and which permeates all heaven.
3438 Mahatma Gandhi has the quote : We must become the change we want to see.
3439 Laurence J. Peter has the quote : There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought.
3440 Buddha has the quote : The foot feels the foot when it feels the ground.
3441 Lao Tzu has the quote : He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened.
3442 Lao Tzu has the quote : An ant on the move does more than a dozing ox
3443 Nelson Mandela has the quote : And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same.
3444 Marie Curie has the quote : Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas.
3445 Dr. Seuss has the quote : Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.
3446 Buddha has the quote : Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
3447 Dalai Lama has the quote : Compassion and happiness are not a sign of weakness but a sign of strength.
3448 Etty Hillesum has the quote : Sometimes the most important thing in a whole day is the rest we take between two deep breaths.
3449 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : If it is not right do not do it; if it is not true do not say it.
3450 Doug Larson has the quote : Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk.
3451 Thich Nhat Hanh has the quote : To be beautiful means to be yourself. You dont need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself.
3452 Eleanor Roosevelt has the quote : Remember always that you not only have the right to be an individual, you have an obligation to be one.
3453 George Allen has the quote : People of mediocre ability sometimes achieve outstanding success because they don't know when to quit. Most men succeed because they are determined to.
3454 Danilo Dolci has the quote : It's important to know that words don't move mountains. Work, exacting work moves mountains.
3455 John Simone has the quote : If you're in a bad situation, don't worry it'll change. If you're in a good situation, don't worry it'll change.
3456 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : You can be what you want to be. You have the power within and we will help you always.
3457 American proverb has the quote : From little acorns mighty oaks do grow.
3458 Ella Williams has the quote : Bite off more than you can chew, then chew it.
3459 Napoleon Hill has the quote : You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself.
3460 Tony Robbins has the quote : If you do what you've always done, you'll get what youve always gotten.
3461 Hannah More has the quote : Obstacles are those things you see when you take your eyes off the goal.
3462 Harriet Tubman has the quote : Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.
3463 Anais Nin has the quote : There is not one big cosmic meaning for all, there is only the meaning we each give to our life.
3464 Theodore Rubin has the quote : Kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom.
3465 Harriet Lerner has the quote : Only through our connectedness to others can we really know and enhance the self. And only through working on the self can we begin to enhance our connectedness to others.
3466 Confucius has the quote : The cautious seldom err.
3467 Eden Phillpotts has the quote : The universe is full of magical things, patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.
3468 Confucius has the quote : When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
3469 Sylvia Voirol has the quote : Rainbows apologize for angry skies.
3470 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Strength to carry on despite the odds means you have faith in your own abilities and know how.
3471 Grandma Moses has the quote : Life is what you make of it. Always has been, always will be.
3472 Mother Teresa has the quote : We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do.
3473 Confucius has the quote : When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
3474 Thomas Carlyle has the quote : Do not be embarrassed by your mistakes. Nothing can teach us better than our understanding of them. This is one of the best ways of self-education.
3475 Mal Pancoast has the quote : The odds of hitting your target go up dramatically when you aim at it.
3476 Ralph Marston has the quote : Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude.
3477 Hannah More has the quote : Obstacles are those things you see when you take your eyes off the goal.
3478 Walt Disney has the quote : If you can dream it, you can do it.
3479 Thomas Carlyle has the quote : This world, after all our science and sciences, is still a miracle; wonderful, inscrutable, magical and more, to whosoever will think of it.
3480 Ralph Marston has the quote : Let go of your attachment to being right, and suddenly your mind is more open. You're able to benefit from the unique viewpoints of others, without being crippled by your own judgement.
3481 Ralph Emerson has the quote : What is a weed? A plant whose virtues have not yet been discovered.
3482 unknown has the quote : Many people have gone further than they thought they could because someone else thought they could.
3483 Publilius Syrus has the quote : A rolling stone gathers no moss.
3484 Ralph Waldo Emerson has the quote : Most of the shadows of life are caused by standing in our own sunshine.
3485 Henry David Thoreau has the quote : I cannot make my days longer so I strive to make them better.
3486 Edna Millay has the quote : I am glad that I paid so little attention to good advice; had I abided by it I might have been saved from some of my most valuable mistakes.
3487 Cervantes has the quote : Be slow of tongue and quick of eye.
3488 James Faust has the quote : If you take each challenge one step at a time, with faith in every footstep, your strength and understanding will increase.
3489 Colin Powell has the quote : If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. Excellence is not an exception, it is a prevailing attitude.
3490 Og Mandino has the quote : Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
3491 Lao Tzu has the quote : He who obtains has little. He who scatters has much.
3492 Albert Camus has the quote : In the depth of winter, I finally learned that there was within me an invincible summer.
3493 Donald Trump has the quote : Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.
3494 Richard Bach has the quote : Listen to what you know instead of what you fear.
3495 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : If it is not right do not do it; if it is not true do not say it.
3496 unknown has the quote : Why worry about tomorrow, when today is all we have?
3497 William Londen has the quote : To ensure good health: eat lightly, breathe deeply, live moderately, cultivate cheerfulness, and maintain an interest in life.
3498 Ralph Emerson has the quote : It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them.
3499 Richard Bach has the quote : Happiness is the reward we get for living to the highest right we know.
3500 Chinese proverb has the quote : A single conversation across the table with a wise person is worth a months study of books.
3501 Richard Bach has the quote : Every problem has a gift for you in its hands.
3502 Thomas Carlyle has the quote : Instead of saying that man is the creature of circumstance, it would be nearer the mark to say that man is the architect of circumstance.
3503 Jules Poincare has the quote : It is through science that we prove, but through intuition that we discover.
3504 Edmund Burke has the quote : Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little.
3505 Denis Waitley has the quote : Happiness cannot be travelled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed. Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace and gratitude.
3506 William Shakespeare has the quote : God has given you one face, and you make yourself another.
3507 Denis Waitley has the quote : There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept responsibility for changing them.
3508 Epictetus has the quote : It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters.
3509 Thomas Jefferson has the quote : Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.
3510 Tony Robbins has the quote : Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.
3511 Robert Louis Stevenson has the quote : There is no duty we so underrate as the duty of being happy. By being happy we sow anonymous benefits upon the world.
3512 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : You can be what you want to be. You have the power within and we will help you always.
3513 Zig Ziglar has the quote : Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude.
3514 Laura Teresa Marquez has the quote : Arrogance and rudeness are training wheels on the bicycle of life  for weak people who cannot keep their balance without them.
3515 Blaise Pascal has the quote : Kind words do not cost much. Yet they accomplish much.
3516 Richard Bach has the quote : Your friends will know you better in the first minute you meet than your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years.
3517 Arthur Rubinstein has the quote : Of course there is no formula for success except perhaps an unconditional acceptance of life and what it brings.
3518 Albert Einstein has the quote : When the solution is simple, God is answering.
3519 Ray Bradbury has the quote : Living at risk is jumping off the cliff and building your wings on the way down.
3520 Rabindranath Tagore has the quote : We read the world wrong and say that it deceives us.
3521 Edith Wharton has the quote : If only wed stop trying to be happy wed have a pretty good time.
3522 Thich Nhat Hanh has the quote : Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy.
3523 Oscar Wilde has the quote : Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
3524 Richard Bach has the quote : Every person, all the events of your life are there because you have drawn them there. What you choose to do with them is up to you.
3525 Buckminster Fuller has the quote : There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly.
3526 John Acosta has the quote : You cannot have what you do not want.
3527 Oliver Holmes has the quote : Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness.
3528 Lululemon has the quote : Your outlook on life is a direct reflection on how much you like yourself.
3529 Lao Tzu has the quote : Nothing is softer or more flexible than water, yet nothing can resist it.
3530 Chinese proverb has the quote : Tension is who you think you should be. Relaxation is who you are.
3531 Buddha has the quote : Your work is to discover your work and then with all your heart to give yourself to it.
3532 Dale Carnegie has the quote : When fate hands us a lemon, lets try to make lemonade.
3533 Iris Murdoch has the quote : We can only learn to love by loving.
3534 Michelangelo has the quote : The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it, but that it is too low and we reach it.
3535 Ivy Baker Priest has the quote : The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be the beginning.
3536 Albert Schweitzer has the quote : Wherever a man turns he can find someone who needs him.
3537 Tony Robbins has the quote : The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives.
3538 Laozi has the quote : When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you.
3539 Richard Bach has the quote : Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.
3540 Franklin Roosevelt has the quote : Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.
3541 Honore de Balzac has the quote : When you doubt your power, you give power to your doubt.
3542 Cicero has the quote : We must not say every mistake is a foolish one.
3543 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Bold is not the act of foolishness but the attribute and inner strength to act when others will not so as to move forward not backward.
3544 Cynthia Ozick has the quote : To want to be what one can be is purpose in life.
3545 Publilius Syrus has the quote : Do not turn back when you are just at the goal.
3546 Kin Hubbard has the quote : You won't skid if you stay in a rut.
3547 Mark Twain has the quote : The exercise of an extraordinary gift is the supremest pleasure in life.
3548 Napoleon Hill has the quote : You can do it if you believe you can!
3549 Alfred Korzybski has the quote : There are two ways to slide easily through life: to believe everything or to doubt everything; both ways save us from thinking.
3550 Eckhart Tolle has the quote : The greater part of human pain is unnecessary. It is self-created as long as the unobserved mind runs your life.
3551 Andy Warhol has the quote : They say that time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.
3552 Jim Rohn has the quote : If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
3553 Dalai Lama has the quote : There is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies. My brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophy is kindness.
3554 Theodore Rubin has the quote : Kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom.
3555 Zig Ziglar has the quote : Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude.
3556 Confucius has the quote : When you see a man of worth, think of how you may emulate him. When you see one who is unworthy, examine yourself.
3557 Thomas Edison has the quote : Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
3558 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : The universe is transformation; our life is what our thoughts make it.
3559 Cicero has the quote : Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the paren't of all the others.
3560 Chinese proverb has the quote : A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials.
3561 Charles Dubois has the quote : The important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become.
3562 Lucille Ball has the quote : Id rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not done.
3563 William James has the quote : The deepest craving of human nature is the need to be appreciated.
3564 James Barrie has the quote : We never understand how little we need in this world until we know the loss of it.
3565 Ralph Waldo Emerson has the quote : It is only when the mind and character slumber that the dress can be seen.
3566 Robert Southey has the quote : It is with words as with sunbeams. The more they are condensed, the deeper they burn.
3567 Tom Peters has the quote : Formula for success: under promise and over deliver.
3568 Daisaku Ikeda has the quote : What matters is the value we've created in our lives, the people we've made happy and how much we've grown as people.
3569 William Arthur Ward has the quote : Four steps to achievement: Plan purposefully. Prepare prayerfully. Proceed positively. Pursue persistently.
3570 Kathleen Norris has the quote : All that is necessary is to accept the impossible, do without the indispensable, and bear the intolerable.
3571 Cecil B. DeMille has the quote : The person who makes a success of living is the one who see his goal steadily and aims for it unswervingly. That is dedication.
3572 Richard Bach has the quote : Every person, all the events of your life are there because you have drawn them there. What you choose to do with them is up to you.
3573 Albert Einstein has the quote : A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
3574 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Self-trust is the first secret of success.
3575 Henri Amiel has the quote : Almost everything comes from nothing.
3576 Walter Anderson has the quote : Nothing diminishes anxiety faster than action.
3577 Buddha has the quote : Your body is precious. It is our vehicle for awakening. Treat it with care.
3578 John Dewey has the quote : Conflict is the gadfly of thought. It stirs us to observation and memory. It instigates to invention. It shocks us out of sheeplike passivity, and sets us at noting and contriving.
3579 unknown has the quote : Why worry about things you cant control when you can keep yourself busy controlling the things that depend on you?
3580 Buddha has the quote : When you realize how perfect everything is you will tilt your head back and laugh at the sky.
3581 Benjamin Franklin has the quote : Watch the little things; a small leak will sink a great ship.
3582 Winston Churchill has the quote : Continuous effortnot strength or intelligenceis the key to unlocking our potential.
3583 Margaret Cousins has the quote : Appreciation can make a day, even change a life. Your willingness to put it into words is all that is necessary.
3584 Marie Curie has the quote : Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas.
3585 Confucius has the quote : I will not be concerned at other men is not knowing me;I will be concerned at my own want of ability.
3586 unknown has the quote : You can do what's reasonable or you can decide what's possible.
3587 Elizabeth Kenny has the quote : He who angers you conquers you.
3588 Publilius Syrus has the quote : Never promise more than you can perform.
3589 Pablo Picasso has the quote : He can who thinks he can, and he can't who thinks he can't. This is an inexorable, indisputable law.
3590 Albert Einstein has the quote : Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them.
3591 Voltaire has the quote : Think for yourselves and let others enjoy the privilege to do so too.
3592 Albert Camus has the quote : You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life.
3593 Anatole France has the quote : To accomplish great things, we must dream as well as act.
3594 Robert Stevenson has the quote : Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
3595 May Sarton has the quote : A garden is always a series of losses set against a few triumphs, like life itself.
3596 Hannah Senesh has the quote : One needs something to believe in, something for which one can have whole-hearted enthusiasm. One needs to feel that ones life has meaning, that one is needed in this world.
3597 Epictetus has the quote : Nature gave us one tongue and two ears so we could hear twice as much as we speak.
3598 Arthur Conan Doyle has the quote : Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius.
3599 unknown has the quote : What you see depends on what you're looking for.
3600 Mary Morrissey has the quote : You block your dream when you allow your fear to grow bigger than your faith.
3601 Richard Bach has the quote : I gave my life to become the person I am right now. Was it worth it?
3602 unknown has the quote : It is better to take many small steps in the right direction than to make a great leap forward only to stumble backward.
3603 Paul Boese has the quote : Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future.
3604 Buddha has the quote : Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
3605 Lily Tomlin has the quote : I always wanted to be somebody, but I should have been more specific.
3606 Elbert Hubbard has the quote : A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success.
3607 Margaret Wheatley has the quote : We know from science that nothing in the universe exists as an isolated or independent entity.
3608 Paul Graham has the quote : The most dangerous way to lose time is not to spend it having fun, but to spend it doing fake work. When you spend time having fun, you know you're being self-indulgent.
3609 Jim Rohn has the quote : If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
3610 Kahlil Gibran has the quote : Be like the flower, turn your face to the sun.
3611 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Belief consists in accepting the affirmations of the soul; Unbelief, in denying them.
3612 Wit has the quote : We choose our destiny in the way we treat others.
3613 George Allen has the quote : People of mediocre ability sometimes achieve outstanding success because they don't know when to quit. Most men succeed because they are determined to.
3614 Epictetus has the quote : Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly.
3615 Michelangelo has the quote : The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it, but that it is too low and we reach it.
3616 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Thought is the blossom; language the bud; action the fruit behind it.
3617 Albert Schweitzer has the quote : An optimist is a person who sees a green light everywhere, while the pessimist sees only the red spotlight... The truly wise person is colour-blind.
3618 Mahatma Gandhi has the quote : Our greatness lies not so much in being able to remake the world as being able to remake ourselves.
3619 Hermann Hesse has the quote : If I know what love is, it is because of you.
3620 Buddha has the quote : The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.
3621 Albert Einstein has the quote : Imagination is more important than knowledge. For while knowledge defines all we currently know and understand, imagination points to all we might yet discover and create.
3622 Carl Jung has the quote : Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also.
3623 Vincent Lombardi has the quote : The spirit, the will to win, and the will to excel, are the things that endure. These qualities are so much more important than the events that occur.
3624 Robert Heller has the quote : Never ignore a gut feeling, but never believe that it's enough.
3625 Ella Fitzgerald has the quote : It isn't where you come from, it's where you're going that counts.
3626 Lao Tzu has the quote : He who is contented is rich.
3627 Douglas Adams has the quote : Human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so.
3628 Dalai Lama has the quote : There is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies. My brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophy is kindness.
3629 Louisa Alcott has the quote : I'm not afraid of storms, for Im learning how to sail my ship.
3630 A. Powell Davies has the quote : Life is just a chance to grow a soul.
3631 Ziggy has the quote : You can complain because roses have thorns, or you can rejoice because thorns have roses.
3632 Og Mandino has the quote : Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
3633 Lao Tzu has the quote : A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves.
3634 Albert Camus has the quote : You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life.
3635 Confucius has the quote : To give ones self earnestly to the duties due to men, and, while respecting spiritual beings, to keep aloof from them, may be called wisdom.
3636 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : Ignorance never settle a question.
3637 Ralph Emerson has the quote : The years teach much which the days never know.
3638 Blaise Pascal has the quote : The heart has its reasons which reason knows not of.
3639 unknown has the quote : The day always looks brighter from behind a smile.
3640 W. Clement Stone has the quote : When you discover your mission, you will feel its demand. It will fill you with enthusiasm and a burning desire to get to work on it.
3641 Helen Keller has the quote : No pessimist ever discovered the secrets of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new heaven to the human spirit.
3642 Lou Holtz has the quote : You were not born a winner, and you were not born a loser. You are what you make yourself be.
3643 Henry Thoreau has the quote : Things do not change; we change.
3644 Richard Bach has the quote : If you love someone, set them free. If they come back they're yours; if they don't they never were.
3645 Edward Ericson has the quote : The cosmos is neither moral or immoral; only people are. He who would move the world must first move himself.
3646 Pearl Buck has the quote : The secret of joy in work is contained in one word  excellence. To know how to do something well is to enjoy it.
3647 Laurence J. Peter has the quote : There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought.
3648 Epictetus has the quote : If you wish to be a writer, write.
3649 Georg Lichtenberg has the quote : I cannot say whether things will get better if we change; what I can say is they must change if they are to get better.
3650 Anais Nin has the quote : Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
3651 Lee Mildon has the quote : People seldom notice old clothes if you wear a big smile.
3652 Richard Bach has the quote : What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly.
3653 Kin Hubbard has the quote : You won't skid if you stay in a rut.
3654 Helen Keller has the quote : Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world right in the eye.
3655 Julius Charles Hare has the quote : Be what you are. This is the first step toward becoming better than you are.
3656 Carl Jung has the quote : Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, Something is out of tune.
3657 Arie de Gues has the quote : Your ability to learn faster than your competition is your only sustainable competitive advantage.
3658 Bruce Lee has the quote : Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.
3659 Ovid has the quote : Let your hook always be cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish.
3660 Richard Bach has the quote : Every gift from a friend is a wish for your happiness.
3661 unknown has the quote : A good rest is half the work.
3662 Edward Young has the quote : On every thorn, delightful wisdom grows, In every rill a sweet instruction flows.
3663 Lao Tzu has the quote : Great acts are made up of small deeds.
3664 Confucius has the quote : To study and not think is a waste. To think and not study is dangerous.
3665 André Gide has the quote : The most decisive actions of our life... are most often unconsidered actions.
3666 George Shaw has the quote : My reputation grows with every failure.
3667 unknown has the quote : Never be afraid to try, remember... Amateurs built the ark, Professionals built the Titanic.
3668 Fran Watson has the quote : As we risk ourselves, we grow. Each new experience is a risk.
3669 Harry Banks has the quote : For success, attitude is equally as important as ability.
3670 Yogi Berra has the quote : You can observe a lot just by watching.
3671 Eckhart Tolle has the quote : The past has no power to stop you from being present now. Only your grievance about the past can do that.
3672 unknown has the quote : Never be afraid to try, remember... Amateurs built the ark, Professionals built the Titanic.
3673 John Petit-Senn has the quote : Not what we have but what we enjoy constitutes our abundance.
3674 Thomas Carlyle has the quote : Instead of saying that man is the creature of circumstance, it would be nearer the mark to say that man is the architect of circumstance.
3675 Jean-Paul Sartre has the quote : Freedom is what you do with what's been done to you.
3676 Mary Parrish has the quote : Love vanquishes time. To lovers, a moment can be eternity, eternity can be the tick of a clock.
3677 Immanuel Kant has the quote : Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.
3678 General Douglas MacArthur has the quote : It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it.
3679 Mary Wollstonecraft has the quote : The beginning is always today.
3680 Gloria Steinem has the quote : Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning.
3681 Albert Einstein has the quote : There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.
3682 Albert Schweitzer has the quote : Do something wonderful, people may imitate it.
3683 Marian Edelman has the quote : You're not obligated to win. You're obligated to keep trying to do the best you can every day.
3684 Oscar Wilde has the quote : The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the grandest intention.
3685 unknown has the quote : Be thankful when you don't know something for it gives you the opportunity to learn.
3686 Isaac Asimov has the quote : A subtle thought that is in error may yet give rise to fruitful inquiry that can establish truths of great value.
3687 Dalai Lama has the quote : Compassion and happiness are not a sign of weakness but a sign of strength.
3688 Hannah Arendt has the quote : Promises are the uniquely human way of ordering the future, making it predictable and reliable to the extent that this is humanly possible.
3689 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
3690 John Dewey has the quote : The self is not something ready-made, but something in continuous formation through choice of action.
3691 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Courage is not about taking risks unknowingly but putting your own being in front of challenges that others may not be able to.
3692 Publilius Syrus has the quote : I have often regretted my speech, never my silence.
3693 Helen Keller has the quote : The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen, nor touched... but are felt in the heart.
3694 Henry David Thoreau has the quote : If one advances confidently in the direction of his dream, and endeavours to live the life which he had imagines, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.
3695 Confucius has the quote : Learning without reflection is a waste, reflection without learning is dangerous.
3696 unknown has the quote : Change your words. Change your world.
3697 Ingrid Bergman has the quote : You must train your intuition  you must trust the small voice inside you which tells you exactly what to say, what to decide.
3698 Buddha has the quote : What we think, we become.
3699 Alfred Adler has the quote : Trust only movement. Life happens at the level of events, not of words. Trust movement.
3700 Peter Drucker has the quote : The best way to predict your future is to create it.
3701 Eleanor Roosevelt has the quote : Friendship with oneself is all important because without it one cannot be friends with anybody else in the world.
3702 Buddha has the quote : Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life.
3703 Zig Ziglar has the quote : Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude.
3704 Saul Alinsky has the quote : As an organizer I start from where the world is, as it is, not as I would like it to be.
3705 Antoine de Saint-Exupery has the quote : Love does not consist of gazing at each other, but in looking together in the same direction.
3706 Buddha has the quote : We are what we think. All that we are arises with our thoughts. With our thoughts, we make the world.
3707 Henry David Thoreau has the quote : I cannot make my days longer so I strive to make them better.
3708 Tony Robbins has the quote : When people are like each other they tend to like each other.
3709 George Sand has the quote : There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved.
3710 Oprah Winfrey has the quote : I don't believe in failure. It is not failure if you enjoyed the process.
3711 Kin Hubbard has the quote : You won't skid if you stay in a rut.
3712 Ralph Emerson has the quote : We aim above the mark to hit the mark.
3713 William Shakespeare has the quote : To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first.
3714 Buddha has the quote : An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea.
3715 Ralph Emerson has the quote : If the single man plant himself indomitably on his instincts, and there abide, the huge world will come round to him.
3716 Stephen Sigmund has the quote : Learn wisdom from the ways of a seedling. A seedling which is never hardened off through stressful situations will never become a strong productive plant.
3717 Peter Elbow has the quote : Meaning is not what you start with but what you end up with.
3718 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : Loss is nothing else but change,and change is Natures delight.
3719 Michael Vance has the quote : Life is not measured by the breaths you take, but by its breathtaking moments.
3720 William Shakespeare has the quote : All the world is a stage, And all the men and women merely players.They have their exits and entrances; Each man in his time plays many parts.
3721 Richard Bach has the quote : I gave my life to become the person I am right now. Was it worth it?
3722 Anais Nin has the quote : The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery. There is always more mystery.
3723 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Good thoughts are no better than good dreams, unless they be executed.
3724 Alfred Adler has the quote : Trust only movement. Life happens at the level of events, not of words. Trust movement.
3725 Lao Tzu has the quote : If you correct your mind, the rest of your life will fall into place.
3726 George Bernard Shaw has the quote : A life spent making mistakes is not only more honourable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
3727 Morris West has the quote : If you spend your whole life waiting for the storm, you'll never enjoy the sunshine.
3728 unknown has the quote : To get something you never had, you have to do something you never did.
3729 Janis Joplin has the quote : Don't compromise yourself. You are all you've got.
3730 Benjamin Franklin has the quote : Well done is better than well said.
3731 John Astin has the quote : There are things so deep and complex that only intuition can reach it in our stage of development as human beings.
3732 Betty Friedan has the quote : It is easier to live through someone else than to become complete yourself.
3733 William Shakespeare has the quote : God has given you one face, and you make yourself another.
3734 Kahlil Gibran has the quote : A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle.
3735 unknown has the quote : A smile is a light in the window of your face to show your heart is at home.
3736 Pearl Buck has the quote : Every great mistake has a halfway moment, a split second when it can be recalled and perhaps remedied.
3737 unknown has the quote : Everyone smiles in the same language.
3738 Jonas Salk has the quote : Intuition will tell the thinking mind where to look next.
3739 unknown has the quote : A stumble may prevent a fall.
3740 Mark Twain has the quote : Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
3741 Buddha has the quote : Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life.
3742 Chinese proverb has the quote : Learning is a treasure that will follow its owner everywhere
3743 Albert Einstein has the quote : There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.
3744 Richard Bach has the quote : Allow the world to live as it chooses, and allow yourself to live as you choose.
3745 Publilius Syrus has the quote : Never promise more than you can perform.
3746 Nora Roberts has the quote : If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no. If you don't step forward, you're always in the same place.
3747 Mabel Newcomber has the quote : It is more important to know where you are going than to get there quickly. Do not mistake activity for achievement.
3748 Marie Curie has the quote : Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood.
3749 Alphonse Karr has the quote : Some people are always grumbling because roses have thorns; I am thankful that thorns have roses.
3750 Edward Gibbon has the quote : The winds and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators.
3751 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : If you must tell me your opinions, tell me what you believe in. I have plenty of douts of my own.
3752 Albert Einstein has the quote : Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them.
3753 Philip Breedveld has the quote : Moments of complete apathy are the best for new creations.
3754 Washington Irving has the quote : Love is never lost. If not reciprocated, it will flow back and soften and purify the heart.
3755 Albert Schweitzer has the quote : Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
3756 Buddha has the quote : You only lose what you cling to.
3757 Alan Watts has the quote : No valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.
3758 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : The universe is transformation; our life is what our thoughts make it.
3759 Henry Thoreau has the quote : Things do not change; we change.
3760 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
3761 Ed Cunningham has the quote : Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer.
3762 Buddha has the quote : Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it.
3763 Carl Jung has the quote : Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.
3764 Heraclitus has the quote : You cannot step twice into the same river, for other waters are continually flowing in.
3765 Walter Lippmann has the quote : Ideals are an imaginative understanding of that which is desirable in that which is possible.
3766 Zig Ziglar has the quote : Remember that failure is an event, not a person.
3767 Epictetus has the quote : Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly.
3768 Bo Jackson has the quote : Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.
3769 Blaise Pascal has the quote : We must learn our limits. We are all something, but none of us are everything.
3770 Gail Sheehy has the quote : To be tested is good. The challenged life may be the best therapist.
3771 Doug Larson has the quote : Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk.
3772 Sam Keen has the quote : We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
3773 Barack Obama has the quote : Focusing your life solely on making a buck shows a poverty of ambition. It asks too little of yourself. And it will leave you unfulfilled.
3774 unknown has the quote : From small beginnings come great things.
3775 unknown has the quote : Open minds lead to open doors.
3776 David Jordan has the quote : Wisdom is knowing what to do next; Skill is knowing how ot do it, and Virtue is doing it.
3777 Bruce Lee has the quote : As you think, so shall you become.
3778 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : Ignorance never settle a question.
3779 Robert Orben has the quote : Don't think of it as failure. Think of it as time-released success.
3780 George Orwell has the quote : Myths which are believed in tend to become true.
3781 Napoleon Bonaparte has the quote : He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat.
3782 Henry Ford has the quote : If you think you can, you can. And if you think you can't, you're right.
3783 Thomas Fuller has the quote : No garden is without its weeds.
3784 Nelson Mandela has the quote : And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same.
3785 Keshavan Nair has the quote : With courage you will dare to take risks, have the strength to be compassionate, and the wisdom to be humble. Courage is the foundation of integrity.
3786 Henry Van Dyke has the quote : Be glad of life because it gives you the chance to love, to work, to play, and to look up at the stars.
3787 Tryon Edwards has the quote : He that never changes his opinions, never corrects his mistakes, and will never be wiser on the morrow than he is today.
3788 Oscar Wilde has the quote : Anybody can make history. Only a great man can write it.
3789 Dalai Lama has the quote : Genuine love should first be directed at oneself  if we do not love ourselves, how can we love others?
3790 Larry Elder has the quote : A goal without a plan is just a wish.
3791 Edmund Burke has the quote : Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little.
3792 Carl Jung has the quote : Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darknesses of other people.
3793 Pearl Buck has the quote : The secret of joy in work is contained in one word  excellence. To know how to do something well is to enjoy it.
3794 William Shakespeare has the quote : Be not afraid of greatness: some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.
3795 Aristotle has the quote : Change in all things is sweet.
3796 Lao Tzu has the quote : He who talks more is sooner exhausted.
3797 Ambrose Bierce has the quote : Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret.
3798 Alice Walker has the quote : No person is your friend who demands your silence, or denies your right to grow.
3799 Francois de La Rochefoucauld has the quote : A true friend is the most precious of all possessions and the one we take the least thought about acquiring.
3800 Richard Bach has the quote : The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice and tragedy. What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the Master calls the butterfly.
3801 George Orwell has the quote : Myths which are believed in tend to become true.
3802 Isaac Asimov has the quote : A subtle thought that is in error may yet give rise to fruitful inquiry that can establish truths of great value.
3803 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Wishes can be your best avenue of getting what you want when you turn wishes into action. Action moves your wish to the forefront from thought to reality.
3804 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : The greatest good you can do for another is not just to share your riches but to reveal to him his own.
3805 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Skill to do comes of doing.
3806 Buddha has the quote : However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them?
3807 Buckminster Fuller has the quote : There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly.
3808 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.
3809 Dalai Lama has the quote : I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe.
3810 Robert Heller has the quote : Never ignore a gut feeling, but never believe that it's enough.
3811 Robert Stevenson has the quote : Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
3812 Voltaire has the quote : We never live; we are always in the expectation of living.
3813 G. K. Chesterton has the quote : I would maintain that thanks are the highest form of thought, and that gratitude is happiness doubled by wonder.
3814 Richard Bach has the quote : Don't turn away from possible futures before you're certain you don't have anything to learn from them.
3815 Daisaku Ikeda has the quote : If we look at the world with a love of life, the world will reveal its beauty to us.
3816 Brian Tracy has the quote : Whatever we expect with confidence becomes our own self-fulfilling prophecy.
3817 Mark Twain has the quote : When in doubt, tell the truth.
3818 Babatunde Olatunji has the quote : Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift. That is why we call it the present.
3819 Daisaku Ikeda has the quote : If you lose today, win tomorrow. In this never-ending spirit of challenge is the heart of a victor.
3820 Jason Fried has the quote : No is easier to do. Yes is easier to say.
3821 Cicero has the quote : We must not say every mistake is a foolish one.
3822 Charles Lamb has the quote : The greatest pleasure I know is to do a good action by stealth, and to have it found out by accident.
3823 Sam Keen has the quote : We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
3824 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
3825 Ralph Waldo Emerson has the quote : A hero is no braver than an ordinary man, but he is braver five minutes longer.
3826 Epictetus has the quote : Difficulties are things that show a person what they are.
3827 Rachel Carson has the quote : If facts are the seeds that later produce knowledge and wisdom, then the emotions and the impressions of the senses are the fertile soil in which the seeds must grow.
3828 Buddha has the quote : The way is not in the sky. The way is in the heart.
3829 Publilius Syrus has the quote : I have often regretted my speech, never my silence.
3830 Walter Benjamin has the quote : To be happy is to be able to become aware of oneself without fright.
3831 James Lowell has the quote : A weed is no more than a flower in disguise.
3832 Pema Chodron has the quote : Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know.
3833 Nikola Tesla has the quote : Let the future tell the truth, and evaluate each one according to his work and accomplishments. The present is theirs; the future, for which I have really worked, is mine.
3834 Joseph Roux has the quote : A fine quotation is a diamond on the finger of a man of wit, and a pebble in the hand of a fool.
3835 Bruce Lee has the quote : A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer.
3836 Yogi Berra has the quote : Life is a learning experience, only if you learn.
3837 Henri Bergson has the quote : The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend.
3838 Peter Elbow has the quote : Meaning is not what you start with but what you end up with.
3839 Oprah Winfrey has the quote : Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.
3840 Lao Tzu has the quote : He who is contented is rich.
3841 Albert Einstein has the quote : God always takes the simplest way.
3842 Jean Lacordaire has the quote : Neither genius, fame, nor love show the greatness of the soul. Only kindness can do that.
3843 George Sand has the quote : There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved.
3844 Tony Robbins has the quote : The path to success is to take massive, determined action.
3845 Ken S. Keyes has the quote : To be upset over what you don't have is to waste what you do have.
3846 Seneca has the quote : The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
3847 Buddha has the quote : Better than a thousand hollow words is one word that brings peace.
3848 Napoleon Hill has the quote : You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself.
3849 Samuel Johnson has the quote : Memory is the mother of all wisdom.
3850 Winston Churchill has the quote : The price of greatness is responsibility.
3851 Donald Trump has the quote : Everything in life is luck.
3852 Kahlil Gibran has the quote : A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle.
3853 Henri L. Bergson has the quote : Think like a man of action; act like a man of thought.
3854 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.
3855 Thich Nhat Hanh has the quote : There is no way to happiness, happiness is the way.
3856 Coco Chanel has the quote : How many cares one loses when one decides not to be something but to be someone.
3857 Virgil has the quote : Fortune favours the brave.
3858 John Holmes has the quote : Never tell a young person that anything cannot be done. God may have been waiting centuries for someone ignorant enough of the impossible to do that very thing.
3859 Chinese proverb has the quote : A single conversation across the table with a wise person is worth a months study of books.
3860 Maya Angelou has the quote : Prejudice is a burden that confuses the past, threatens the future and renders the present inaccessible.
3861 Wayne Dyer has the quote : When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor. It's to enjoy each step along the way.
3862 Norman Cousins has the quote : Never deny a diagnosis, but do deny the negative verdict that may go with it.
3863 Elizabeth Kenny has the quote : He who angers you conquers you.
3864 Benjamin Franklin has the quote : Well done is better than well said.
3865 Richard Bach has the quote : Can miles truly separate you from friends... If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there?
3866 Les Brown has the quote : Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.
3867 Ralph Emerson has the quote : If the stars should appear but one night every thousand years how man would marvel and adore.
3868 Brendan Francis has the quote : No yesterdays are ever wasted for those who give themselves to today.
3869 unknown has the quote : The harder you fall, the higher you bounce.
3870 Ernest Hemingway has the quote : Never mistake motion for action.
3871 Pema Chodron has the quote : It isn't what happens to us that causes us to suffer; it's what we say to ourselves about what happens.
3872 Sam Levenson has the quote : It's so simple to be wise. Just think of something stupid to say and then don't say it.
3873 Peter Elbow has the quote : Meaning is not what you start with but what you end up with.
3874 David McCullough has the quote : Real success is finding your lifework in the work that you love.
3875 James Lowell has the quote : A weed is no more than a flower in disguise.
3876 Jim Rohn has the quote : If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
3877 Maureen Dowd has the quote : The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for.
3878 Dalai Lama has the quote : There is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies. My brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophy is kindness.
3879 Willa Cather has the quote : Where there is great love, there are always miracles.
3880 Cheng Yen has the quote : Happiness does not come from having much, but from being attached to little.
3881 Anais Nin has the quote : The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery. There is always more mystery.
3882 Charles R. Swindoll has the quote : We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations.
3883 Og Mandino has the quote : Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
3884 Oprah Winfrey has the quote : The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams.
3885 Goethe has the quote : What is not started today is never finished tomorrow.
3886 William James has the quote : The deepest craving of human nature is the need to be appreciated.
3887 Edgar Allan Poe has the quote : Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.
3888 Maya Angelou has the quote : I believe that every person is born with talent.
3889 Winston Churchill has the quote : Never, never, never give up.
3890 Dalai Lama has the quote : The key to transforming our hearts and minds is to have an understanding of how our thoughts and emotions work.
3891 Sun Tzu has the quote : Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?
3892 Laozi has the quote : When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you.
3893 Albert Einstein has the quote : Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.
3894 Ben Sweetland has the quote : We cannot hold a torch to light another's path without brightening our own.
3895 Richard Bach has the quote : You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it come true. You may have to work for it, however.
3896 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : Great talent finds happiness in execution.
3897 Margaret Sangster has the quote : Self-complacency is fatal to progress.
3898 Sophocles has the quote : A short saying oft contains much wisdom.
3899 Daisaku Ikeda has the quote : What matters is the value we've created in our lives, the people we've made happy and how much we've grown as people.
3900 Charles R. Swindoll has the quote : We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations.
3901 American proverb has the quote : From little acorns mighty oaks do grow.
3902 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : Wherever a man may happen to turn, whatever a man may undertake, he will always end up by returning to the path which nature has marked out for him.
3903 Ella Williams has the quote : Bite off more than you can chew, then chew it.
3904 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : Ignorance never settle a question.
3905 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : If you have no respect for your own values how can you be worthy of respect from others.
3906 unknown has the quote : Many people have gone further than they thought they could because someone else thought they could.
3907 Hannah Arendt has the quote : Promises are the uniquely human way of ordering the future, making it predictable and reliable to the extent that this is humanly possible.
3908 Manuel Puig has the quote : I allow my intuition to lead my path.
3909 Buddha has the quote : All that we are is the result of what we have thought. The mind is everything. What we think we become.
3910 Friedrich von Schiller has the quote : Keep true to the dreams of thy youth.
3911 unknown has the quote : Count your joys instead of your woes. Count your friends instead of your foes.
3912 Kahlil Gibran has the quote : A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle.
3913 Daisaku Ikeda has the quote : What matters is the value we've created in our lives, the people we've made happy and how much we've grown as people.
3914 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the world.
3915 Mother Teresa has the quote : Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
3916 Anais Nin has the quote : Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
3917 Elizabeth Arden has the quote : I'm not interested in age. People who tell me their age are silly. You're as old as you feel.
3918 Ovid has the quote : The cause is hidden. The effect is visible to all.
3919 Daisaku Ikeda has the quote : What matters is the value we've created in our lives, the people we've made happy and how much we've grown as people.
3920 Lao Tzu has the quote : Nothing is softer or more flexible than water, yet nothing can resist it.
3921 Bodhidharma has the quote : All know the way; few actually walk it.
3922 Thomas Carlyle has the quote : Do not be embarrassed by your mistakes. Nothing can teach us better than our understanding of them. This is one of the best ways of self-education.
3923 Hannah Senesh has the quote : One needs something to believe in, something for which one can have whole-hearted enthusiasm. One needs to feel that ones life has meaning, that one is needed in this world.
3924 Maureen Dowd has the quote : The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for.
3925 Old German proverb has the quote : You have to take it as it happens, but you should try to make it happen the way you want to take it.
3926 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : The secret of success is constancy to purpose.
3927 Eknath Easwaran has the quote : Through meditation and by giving full attention to one thing at a time, we can learn to direct attention where we choose.
3928 Seneca has the quote : If one does not know to which port is sailing, no wind is favorable.
3929 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Staying in one place is the best path to be taken over and surpassed by many.
3930 Marie Curie has the quote : Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood.
3931 Carl Sagan has the quote : Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it we go nowhere.
3932 unknown has the quote : Change your thoughts, change your life!
3933 Ralph Emerson has the quote : We must be as courteous to a man as we are to a picture, which we are willing to give the advantage of a good light.
3934 Haynes Bayly has the quote : Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
3935 Lao Tzu has the quote : He who knows himself is enlightened.
3936 Bernadette Devlin has the quote : Yesterday I dared to struggle. Today I dare to win.
3937 Virgil has the quote : Fortune favours the brave.
3938 Sri Chinmoy has the quote : Judge nothing, you will be happy. Forgive everything, you will be happier. Love everything, you will be happiest.
3939 Albert Einstein has the quote : If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.
3940 Norman Schwarzkopf has the quote : The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it.
3941 Bob Newhart has the quote : All I can say about life is, Oh God, enjoy it!
3942 unknown has the quote : The best place to find a helping hand is at the end of your own arm.
3943 Thomas Jefferson has the quote : I'm a great believer in luck and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it.
3944 Wayne Dyer has the quote : I think and that is all that I am.
3945 Anais Nin has the quote : There is not one big cosmic meaning for all, there is only the meaning we each give to our life.
3946 Jawaharlal Nehru has the quote : A leader or a man of action in a crisis almost always acts subconsciously and then thinks of the reasons for his action.
3947 Lao Tzu has the quote : He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened.
3948 Margaret Sangster has the quote : Self-complacency is fatal to progress.
3949 Albert Einstein has the quote : In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
3950 Carl Jung has the quote : The shoe that fits one person pinches another; there is no recipe for living that suits all cases.
3951 Dalai Lama has the quote : The key to transforming our hearts and minds is to have an understanding of how our thoughts and emotions work.
3952 Hugh Miller has the quote : Problems are only opportunities with thorns on them.
3953 Wayne Dyer has the quote : I think and that is all that I am.
3954 Naguib Mahfouz has the quote : You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions.
3955 Albert Einstein has the quote : I have no special talent. I am only passionately curious.
3956 Buddha has the quote : However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them?
3957 Zig Ziglar has the quote : Remember that failure is an event, not a person.
3958 Lou Holtz has the quote : You were not born a winner, and you were not born a loser. You are what you make yourself be.
3959 Mahummad Ali has the quote : To be able to give away riches is mandatory if you wish to possess them. This is the only way that you will be truly rich.
3960 Lao Tzu has the quote : If you would take, you must first give, this is the beginning of intelligence.
3961 Lao Tzu has the quote : Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing.
3962 Helen Keller has the quote : When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.
3963 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Real magic in relationships means an absence of judgement of others.
3964 unknown has the quote : Most smiles are started by another smile.
3965 Buddha has the quote : However many holy words you read, However many you speak, What good will they do you If you do not act on upon them?
3966 Pema Chodron has the quote : When you begin to touch your heart or let your heart be touched, you begin to discover that it's bottomless.
3967 Zig Ziglar has the quote : Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
3968 Dalai Lama has the quote : With realization of ones own potential and self-confidence in ones ability, one can build a better world.
3969 John Updike has the quote : Dreams come true. Without that possibility, nature would not incite us to have them.
3970 Bruce Lee has the quote : To know oneself is to study oneself in action with another person.
3971 Mabel Newcomber has the quote : It is more important to know where you are going than to get there quickly. Do not mistake activity for achievement.
3972 Buddha has the quote : We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think. When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves.
3973 Confucius has the quote : If you look into your own heart, and you find nothing wrong there, what is there to worry about? What is there to fear?
3974 Elizabeth Montagu has the quote : I endeavour to be wise when I cannot be merry, easy when I cannot be glad, content with what cannot be mended and patient when there is no redress.
3975 Epictetus has the quote : Not every difficult and dangerous thing is suitable for training, but only that which is conducive to success in achieving the object of our effort.
3976 unknown has the quote : If you come to a fork in the road, take it.
3977 Virgil has the quote : They can do all because they think they can.
3978 Leo Tolstoy has the quote : The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.
3979 Buddha has the quote : However many holy words you read, However many you speak, What good will they do you If you do not act on upon them?
3980 Bertrand Russell has the quote : The happiness that is genuinely satisfying is accompanied by the fullest exercise of our faculties and the fullest realization of the world in which we live.
3981 Napoleon Hill has the quote : You can do it if you believe you can!
3982 Napoleon Hill has the quote : The world has the habit of making room for the man whose actions show that he knows where he is going.
3983 Margaret Sangster has the quote : Self-complacency is fatal to progress.
3984 Nelson Mandela has the quote : As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others.
3985 Bo Jackson has the quote : Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.
3986 Richard Bach has the quote : What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly.
3987 Blaise Pascal has the quote : We must learn our limits. We are all something, but none of us are everything.
3988 Walter Benjamin has the quote : To be happy is to be able to become aware of oneself without fright.
3989 Isaac Asimov has the quote : A subtle thought that is in error may yet give rise to fruitful inquiry that can establish truths of great value.
3990 Isaac Asimov has the quote : A subtle thought that is in error may yet give rise to fruitful inquiry that can establish truths of great value.
3991 Joseph Roux has the quote : A fine quotation is a diamond on the finger of a man of wit, and a pebble in the hand of a fool.
3992 Swedish proverb has the quote : Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow.
3993 Mother Teresa has the quote : We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do.
3994 Buddha has the quote : The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.
3995 Aristotle has the quote : We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act but a habit.
3996 William Blake has the quote : In seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy.
3997 Alfred Adler has the quote : Trust only movement. Life happens at the level of events, not of words. Trust movement.
3998 Man Ray has the quote : It has never been my object to record my dreams, just to realize them.
3999 Julie Morgenstern has the quote : Some people thrive on huge, dramatic change. Some people prefer the slow and steady route. Do what's right for you.
4000 William Lyon Phelps has the quote : This is the final test of a gentleman: his respect for those who can be of no possible value to him.
4001 Wit has the quote : We choose our destiny in the way we treat others.
4002 Rene Descartes has the quote : Divide each difficulty into as many parts as is feasible and necessary to resolve it.
4003 Albert Einstein has the quote : A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
4004 unknown has the quote : If you get up one more time than you fall, you will make it through.
4005 Alexis Carrel has the quote : All great men are gifted with intuition. They know without reasoning or analysis, what they need to know.
4006 Dalai Lama has the quote : Consider that not only do negative thoughts and emotions destroy our experience of peace, they also undermine our health.
4007 Richard Bach has the quote : The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice and tragedy. What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the Master calls the butterfly.
4008 Hannah Senesh has the quote : One needs something to believe in, something for which one can have whole-hearted enthusiasm. One needs to feel that ones life has meaning, that one is needed in this world.
4009 unknown has the quote : If I could reach up and hold a star for every time you've made me smile, the entire evening sky would be in the palm of my hand.
4010 Norman Schwarzkopf has the quote : The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it.
4011 Audre Lorde has the quote : When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.
4012 Anatole France has the quote : To accomplish great things, we must dream as well as act.
4013 Ralph Emerson has the quote : The years teach much which the days never know.
4014 Og Mandino has the quote : Each misfortune you encounter will carry in it the seed of tomorrows good luck.
4015 Bernard Shaw has the quote : We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.
4016 Douglas Adams has the quote : Human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so.
4017 Wayne Dyer has the quote : If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.
4018 Helen Keller has the quote : The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen, nor touched... but are felt in the heart.
4019 Lao Tzu has the quote : Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love.
4020 James Pence has the quote : Success is determined by those whom prove the impossible, possible.
4021 Cathy Pulsifer has the quote : You are special, you are unique, you are the best!
4022 Sogyal Rinpoche has the quote : We must never forget that it is through our actions, words, and thoughts that we have a choice.
4023 Albert Einstein has the quote : The only real valuable thing is intuition.
4024 Agatha Christie has the quote : Good advice is always certain to be ignored, but that's no reason not to give it.
4025 Zadok Rabinowitz has the quote : A man's dreams are an index to his greatness.
4026 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.
4027 W. Clement Stone has the quote : When you discover your mission, you will feel its demand. It will fill you with enthusiasm and a burning desire to get to work on it.
4028 Wayne Dyer has the quote : You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're alone with.
4029 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : To give hope to someone occurs when you teach them how to use the tools to do it for themselves.
4030 unknown has the quote : Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
4031 Richard Bach has the quote : Every gift from a friend is a wish for your happiness.
4032 Robert Frost has the quote : In three words I can sum up everything Ive learned about life: it goes on.
4033 Tony Robbins has the quote : Whatever happens, take responsibility.
4034 William Shakespeare has the quote : God has given you one face, and you make yourself another.
4035 Pema Chodron has the quote : If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher.
4036 Anais Nin has the quote : The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery. There is always more mystery.
4037 Epictetus has the quote : Freedom is the right to live as we wish.
4038 Ralph Emerson has the quote : What is a weed? A plant whose virtues have not yet been discovered.
4039 Wayne Dyer has the quote : I cannot always control what goes on outside. But I can always control what goes on inside.
4040 Harriet Lerner has the quote : Only through our connectedness to others can we really know and enhance the self. And only through working on the self can we begin to enhance our connectedness to others.
4041 Aristotle has the quote : Well begun is half done.
4042 Lululemon has the quote : Your outlook on life is a direct reflection on how much you like yourself.
4043 Charles Darwin has the quote : The highest stage in moral ure at which we can arrive is when we recognize that we ought to control our thoughts.
4044 Pema Chodron has the quote : If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher.
4045 Voltaire has the quote : We never live; we are always in the expectation of living.
4046 Billie Armstrong has the quote : Our passion is our strength.
4047 Zadok Rabinowitz has the quote : A man's dreams are an index to his greatness.
4048 John Wooden has the quote : You can't let praise or criticism get to you. It's a weakness to get caught up in either one.
4049 Stephen Sigmund has the quote : Learn wisdom from the ways of a seedling. A seedling which is never hardened off through stressful situations will never become a strong productive plant.
4050 Charles R. Swindoll has the quote : We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations.
4051 unknown has the quote : As the rest of the world is walking out the door, your best friends are the ones walking in.
4052 Ralph Marston has the quote : Let go of your attachment to being right, and suddenly your mind is more open. You're able to benefit from the unique viewpoints of others, without being crippled by your own judgement.
4053 Tomas Eliot has the quote : Do not expect the world to look bright, if you habitually wear gray-brown glasses.
4054 William Scolavino has the quote : The height of your accomplishments will equal the depth of your convictions.
4055 Leonardo da Vinci has the quote : Iron rusts from disuse; water loses its purity from stagnation... even so does inaction sap the vigour of the mind.
4056 John Marshall has the quote : To listen well is as powerful a means of communication and influence as to talk well.
4057 Ralph Waldo Emerson has the quote : Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself.
4058 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : Sometimes our fate resembles a fruit tree in winter. Who would think that those branches would turn green again and blossom, but we hope it, we know it.
4059 Mother Teresa has the quote : Do not wait for leaders; do it alone, person to person.
4060 Theodore Roosevelt has the quote : Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground.
4061 Sojourner Truth has the quote : Truth is powerful and it prevails.
4062 Jonas Salk has the quote : Intuition will tell the thinking mind where to look next.
4063 Epictetus has the quote : If you wish to be a writer, write.
4064 Zig Ziglar has the quote : You are the only person on earth who can use your ability.
4065 Confucius has the quote : To be wrong is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
4066 Amiel has the quote : Without passion man is a mere latent force and possibility, like the flint which awaits the shock of the iron before it can give forth its spark.
4067 Aristotle has the quote : Change in all things is sweet.
4068 Buddha has the quote : He who experiences the unity of life sees his own Self in all beings, and all beings in his own Self, and looks on everything with an impartial eye.
4069 Annie Dillard has the quote : How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives.
4070 Zig Ziglar has the quote : You are the only person on Earth who can use your ability.
4071 Thornton Wilder has the quote : We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures.
4072 Leo Tolstoy has the quote : We lost because we told ourselves we lost.
4073 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action.
4074 Sinvyest Tan has the quote : Don't frown because you never know who is falling in love with your smile.
4075 Peter Drucker has the quote : Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things.
4076 Buddha has the quote : You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
4077 Charlotte Gilman has the quote : Let us revere, let us worship, but erect and open-eyed, the highest, not the lowest; the future, not the past!
4078 Jim Beggs has the quote : Before you put on a frown, make absolutely sure there are no smiles available.
4079 Jonathan Swift has the quote : Discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody else has thought.
4080 Seneca has the quote : No man was ever wise by chance.
4081 unknown has the quote : It takes both sunshine and rain to make a rainbow.
4082 Bernard Shaw has the quote : A life spent making mistakes is not only more honourable but more useful than a life spent in doing nothing.
4083 Tony Robbins has the quote : You always succeed in producing a result.
4084 Buddha has the quote : An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea.
4085 Dhammapada has the quote : Do not give your attention to what others do or fail to do; give it to what you do or fail to do.
4086 William White has the quote : I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today.
4087 Helen Keller has the quote : No pessimist ever discovered the secrets of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new heaven to the human spirit.
4088 Keshavan Nair has the quote : With courage you will dare to take risks, have the strength to be compassionate, and the wisdom to be humble. Courage is the foundation of integrity.
4089 African proverb has the quote : When there is no enemy within, the enemies outside cannot hurt you.
4090 Cervantes has the quote : Those who will play with cats must expect to be scratched.
4091 Thomas Edison has the quote : If we did the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves.
4092 W. Clement Stone has the quote : When you discover your mission, you will feel its demand. It will fill you with enthusiasm and a burning desire to get to work on it.
4093 Confucius has the quote : Learning without reflection is a waste, reflection without learning is dangerous.
4094 J. Willard Marriott has the quote : Good timber does not grow with ease; the stronger the wind, the stronger the trees.
4095 Anthony Robbins has the quote : Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more
4096 Confucius has the quote : Fine words and an insinuating appearance are seldom associated with true virtue
4097 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Adversity isn't set against you to fail; adversity is a way to build your character so that you can succeed over and over again through perseverance.
4098 Sue Patton Thoele has the quote : Deep listening is miraculous for both listener and speaker.When someone receives us with open-hearted, non-judging, intensely interested listening, our spirits expand.
4099 Robert C. Solomon has the quote : Spirituality can be severed from both vicious sectarianism and thoughtless banalities. Spirituality, I have come to see, is nothing less than the thoughtful love of life.
4100 Robert Southey has the quote : It is with words as with sunbeams. The more they are condensed, the deeper they burn.
4101 Anna Pavlova has the quote : To follow, without halt, one aim: There is the secret of success.
4102 John Lennon has the quote : Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
4103 Margaret Wheatley has the quote : We know from science that nothing in the universe exists as an isolated or independent entity.
4104 Socrates has the quote : Wisdom begins in wonder.
4105 Buddha has the quote : To live a pure unselfish life, one must count nothing as ones own in the midst of abundance.
4106 Pema Chodron has the quote : If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher.
4107 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Your destiny isn't just fate; it is how you use your own developed abilities to get what you want.
4108 Friedrich von Schiller has the quote : If you want to study yourself  look into the hearts of other people. If you want to study other people  look into your own heart.
4109 Richard Bach has the quote : You teach best what you most need to learn.
4110 Lao Tzu has the quote : He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know.
4111 unknown has the quote : As the rest of the world is walking out the door, your best friends are the ones walking in.
4112 Albert Schweitzer has the quote : Wherever a man turns he can find someone who needs him.
4113 Korean proverb has the quote : If you kick a stone in anger, you'll hurt your own foot.
4114 Frederick Wilcox has the quote : Progress always involves risks. You can't steal second base and keep your foot on first.
4115 Mark Twain has the quote : Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
4116 Kin Hubbard has the quote : You won't skid if you stay in a rut.
4117 Everett Dirksen has the quote : I am a man of fixed and unbending principles, the first of which is to be flexible at all times.
4118 unknown has the quote : An obstacle may be either a stepping stone or a stumbling block.
4119 Mark Twain has the quote : To get the full value of joy you must have someone to divide it with.
4120 unknown has the quote : Be thankful when you don't know something for it gives you the opportunity to learn.
4121 Maya Angelou has the quote : When you learn, teach. When you get, give.
4122 Euripides has the quote : The wisest men follow their own direction.
4123 Jim Beggs has the quote : Before you put on a frown, make absolutely sure there are no smiles available.
4124 Buddha has the quote : In the sky, there is no distinction of east and west; people create distinctions out of their own minds and then believe them to be true.
4125 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Transformation does not start with some one else changing you; transformation is an inner self reworking of what you are now to what you will be.
4126 English proverb has the quote : Take heed: you do not find what you do not seek.
4127 Sigmund Freud has the quote : From error to error one discovers the entire truth.
4128 Napoleon Hill has the quote : You can do it if you believe you can!
4129 Arthur Conan Doyle has the quote : Whenever you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
4130 Bernard Shaw has the quote : I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the community, and as long as I live it is my privilege to do for it whatever I can.
4131 unknown has the quote : Worry gives a small thing a big shadow.
4132 Sojourner Truth has the quote : Truth is powerful and it prevails.
4133 Robert Lynd has the quote : Any of us can achieve virtue, if by virtue we merely mean the avoidance of the vices that do not attract us.
4134 Frank Wright has the quote : The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.
4135 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.
4136 Richard Bach has the quote : Ask yourself the secret of your success. Listen to your answer, and practice it.
4137 Murray Gell-Mann has the quote : Think how hard physics would be if particles could think.
4138 Carl Jung has the quote : Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also.
4139 Sam Rayburn has the quote : No one has a finer command of language than the person who keeps his mouth shut.
4140 Denis Waitley has the quote : The only person who never makes mistakes is the person who never does anything.
4141 Sojourner Truth has the quote : Truth is powerful and it prevails.
4142 Cardinal Retz has the quote : A man who doesn't trust himself can never really trust anyone else.
4143 Ajahn Chah has the quote : If you let go a little, you will have a little peace. If you let go a lot, you will have a lot of peace.
4144 Rabbi Hillel has the quote : If I am not for myself, who will be for me? If I am not for others, what am I? And if not now, when?
4145 William Shakespeare has the quote : We know what we are, but know not what we may be.
4146 Dale Carnegie has the quote : Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
4147 Robert M. Pirsig has the quote : The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands.
4148 John Dewey has the quote : Conflict is the gadfly of thought. It stirs us to observation and memory. It instigates to invention. It shocks us out of sheeplike passivity, and sets us at noting and contriving.
4149 Haynes Bayly has the quote : Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
4150 Mabel Newcomber has the quote : It is more important to know where you are going than to get there quickly. Do not mistake activity for achievement.
4151 John Dewey has the quote : Without some goals and some efforts to reach it, no man can live.
4152 G. K. Chesterton has the quote : I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on man unless they act.
4153 Dale Earnhardt has the quote : The winner ain't the one with the fastest car it's the one who refuses to lose.
4154 unknown has the quote : We cannot direct the wind but we can adjust the sails.
4155 unknown has the quote : Letting go isnt the end of the world; its the beginning of a new life.
4156 Buddha has the quote : Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it.
4157 Confucius has the quote : To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
4158 Leo Buscaglia has the quote : Never idealize others. They will never live up to your expectations.
4159 Cullen Hightower has the quote : When performance exceeds ambition, the overlap is called success.
4160 Buddha has the quote : We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think. When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves.
4161 Aesop has the quote : No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
4162 Robert Frost has the quote : The best way out is always through.
4163 unknown has the quote : Don't be pushed by your problems; be led by your dreams.
4164 Joyce Brothers has the quote : Trust your hunches. They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level.
4165 Lao Tzu has the quote : When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you.
4166 Margaret Fuller has the quote : If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it.
4167 Ella Fitzgerald has the quote : It isn't where you come from, it's where you're going that counts.
4168 Confucius has the quote : The superior man is satisfied and composed; the mean man is always full of distress.
4169 Cervantes has the quote : Those who will play with cats must expect to be scratched.
4170 Richard Bach has the quote : Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.
4171 John Steinbeck has the quote : If we could learn to like ourselves, even a little, maybe our cruelties and angers might melt away.
4172 Mother Teresa has the quote : Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing.
4173 Anthony Robbins has the quote : To effectively communicate, we must realize that we are all different in the way we perceive the world and use this understanding as a guide to our communication with others.
4174 Mahummad Ali has the quote : To be able to give away riches is mandatory if you wish to possess them. This is the only way that you will be truly rich.
4175 Denis Waitley has the quote : Happiness cannot be travelled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed. Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace and gratitude.
4176 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Transformation does not start with some one else changing you; transformation is an inner self reworking of what you are now to what you will be.
4177 Cicero has the quote : Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the paren't of all the others.
4178 Daisaku Ikeda has the quote : The person who lives life fully, glowing with life's energy, is the person who lives a successful life.
4179 Buddha has the quote : You only lose what you cling to.
4180 John Acosta has the quote : You cannot have what you do not want.
4181 Og Mandino has the quote : Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity.
4182 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Real magic in relationships means an absence of judgement of others.
4183 Gloria Steinem has the quote : If the shoe doesn't fit, must we change the foot?
4184 Carl Jung has the quote : Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, Something is out of tune.
4185 Abraham Lincoln has the quote : Character is like a tree and reputation like a shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing.
4186 German proverb has the quote : Begin to weave and God will give you the thread.
4187 Bruce Lee has the quote : To know oneself is to study oneself in action with another person.
4188 Maya Angelou has the quote : All great achievements require time.
4189 unknown has the quote : Never miss an opportunity to make others happy, even if you have to leave them alone in order to do it.
4190 unknown has the quote : A stumble may prevent a fall.
4191 Sophocles has the quote : Numberless are the worlds wonders, but none more wonderful than man.
4192 Cynthia Ozick has the quote : To want to be what one can be is purpose in life.
4193 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Everything in the universe goes by indirection. There are no straight lines.
4194 Epictetus has the quote : Difficulties are things that show a person what they are.
4195 Madame de Stael has the quote : Wit lies in recognizing the resemblance among things which differ and the difference between things which are alike.
4196 Michelangelo has the quote : The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it, but that it is too low and we reach it.
4197 Voltaire has the quote : Think for yourselves and let others enjoy the privilege to do so too.
4198 Lao Tzu has the quote : The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
4199 Charles R. Swindoll has the quote : We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations.
4200 Forrest Church has the quote : Do what you can. Want what you have. Be who you are.
4201 Margaret Smith has the quote : The right way is not always the popular and easy way. Standing for right when it is unpopular is a true test of moral character.
4202 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Opportunity often comes disguised in the form of misfortune, or temporary defeat.
4203 William Ward has the quote : Adversity causes some men to break, others to break records.
4204 Confucius has the quote : The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions.
4205 Lao Tzu has the quote : I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures.
4206 Buddha has the quote : Thousands of candles can be lit from a single, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
4207 Yogi Berra has the quote : Life is a learning experience, only if you learn.
4208 Harriet Tubman has the quote : Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.
4209 unknown has the quote : Kindness is the greatest wisdom.
4210 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : To know your purpose is to live a life of direction, and in that direction is found peace and tranquillity.
4211 Robert Stevenson has the quote : Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
4212 Desiderius Erasmus has the quote : The fox has many tricks. The hedgehog has but one. But that is the best of all.
4213 Donald Trump has the quote : Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.
4214 Haynes Bayly has the quote : Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
4215 Albert Camus has the quote : You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life.
4216 Benjamin Franklin has the quote : Well done is better than well said.
4217 Og Mandino has the quote : Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
4218 Jane Roberts has the quote : By accepting yourself and being fully what you are, your presence can make others happy.
4219 unknown has the quote : The best place to find a helping hand is at the end of your own arm.
4220 Donald Kircher has the quote : A man of ability and the desire to accomplish something can do anything.
4221 Ben Stein has the quote : The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: decide what you want.
4222 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Opportunity often comes disguised in the form of misfortune, or temporary defeat.
4223 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : In the end we retain from our studies only that which we practically apply.
4224 Dhammapada has the quote : Do not give your attention to what others do or fail to do; give it to what you do or fail to do.
4225 Audre Lorde has the quote : When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.
4226 Lao Tzu has the quote : He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know.
4227 unknown has the quote : A good rest is half the work.
4228 Epictetus has the quote : Not every difficult and dangerous thing is suitable for training, but only that which is conducive to success in achieving the object of our effort.
4229 Dalai Lama has the quote : The greatest antidote to insecurity and the sense of fear is compassion  it brings one back to the basis of one's inner strength
4230 Tryon Edwards has the quote : He that never changes his opinions, never corrects his mistakes, and will never be wiser on the morrow than he is today.
4231 Sigmund Freud has the quote : From error to error one discovers the entire truth.
4232 Winston Churchill has the quote : The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
4233 Mohandas Gandhi has the quote : The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
4234 Immanuel Kant has the quote : Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.
4235 Wayne Dyer has the quote : When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself.
4236 Victoria Holt has the quote : Never regret. If it's good, it's wonderful. If it's bad, it's experience.
4237 Confucius has the quote : If you look into your own heart, and you find nothing wrong there, what is there to worry about? What is there to fear?
4238 John Lennon has the quote : Reality leaves a lot to the imagination.
4239 Confucius has the quote : He who wishes to secure the good of others, has already secured his own.
4240 Martha Washington has the quote : The greatest part of our happiness depends on our dispositions, not our circumstances.
4241 Gloria Steinem has the quote : If the shoe doesn't fit, must we change the foot?
4242 unknown has the quote : An obstacle may be either a stepping stone or a stumbling block.
4243 Albert Einstein has the quote : Imagination is more important than knowledge. For while knowledge defines all we currently know and understand, imagination points to all we might yet discover and create.
4244 unknown has the quote : A man is not where he lives but where he loves.
4245 Stephen Covey has the quote : We are not animals. We are not a product of what has happened to us in our past. We have the power of choice.
4246 Jim Bishop has the quote : The future is an opaque mirror. Anyone who tries to look into it sees nothing but the dim outlines of an old and worried face.
4247 unknown has the quote : Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift that's why they call it the present.
4248 Ed Cunningham has the quote : Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer.
4249 unknown has the quote : A stumble may prevent a fall.
4250 Lao Tzu has the quote : At the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want.
4251 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life.
4252 Confucius has the quote : Sincerity is the way of Heaven. The attainment of sincerity is the way of men.
4253 Helen Keller has the quote : No pessimist ever discovered the secrets of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new heaven to the human spirit.
4254 Thomas Carlyle has the quote : Do not be embarrassed by your mistakes. Nothing can teach us better than our understanding of them. This is one of the best ways of self-education.
4255 Marquis Vauvenargues has the quote : Wicked people are always surprised to find ability in those that are good.
4256 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : A really great talent finds its happiness in execution.
4257 Harriet Tubman has the quote : Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.
4258 Cardinal Retz has the quote : A man who doesn't trust himself can never really trust anyone else.
4259 Colin Powell has the quote : If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. Excellence is not an exception, it is a prevailing attitude.
4260 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.
4261 Bishop Desmond Tutu has the quote : We must not allow ourselves to become like the system we oppose.
4262 Thomas Jefferson has the quote : Reason and free inquiry are the only effectual agents against error.
4263 Maya Lin has the quote : To fly, we have to have resistance.
4264 Chuck Norris has the quote : A lot of people give up just before theyre about to make it. You know you never know when that next obstacle is going to be the last one.
4265 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : To be thoughtful and kind only takes a few seconds compared to the timeless hurt caused by one rude gesture.
4266 Chinese proverb has the quote : Tension is who you think you should be. Relaxation is who you are.
4267 Leonardo Ruiz has the quote : The only difference between your abilities and others is the ability to put yourself in their shoes and actually try.
4268 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Anything you really want, you can attain, if you really go after it.
4269 Mark Twain has the quote : A thing long expected takes the form of the unexpected when at last it comes.
4270 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : To be thoughtful and kind only takes a few seconds compared to the timeless hurt caused by one rude gesture.
4271 Mary Pickford has the quote : If you have made mistakes, there is always another chance for you. You may have a fresh start any moment you choose.
4272 Confucius has the quote : I will not be concerned at other men is not knowing me;I will be concerned at my own want of ability.
4273 Forrest Gump has the quote : My mama always said: life's like a box of chocolate  you never know what you gonna get.
4274 Usman Asif has the quote : Fear is a darkroom where negatives develop.
4275 Franklin Roosevelt has the quote : The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
4276 Simone Weil has the quote : Liberty, taking the word in its concrete sense, consists in the ability to choose.
4277 Margaret Cousins has the quote : Appreciation can make a day, even change a life. Your willingness to put it into words is all that is necessary.
4278 John Locke has the quote : I have always thought the actions of men the best interpreters of their thoughts.
4279 Hermann Hesse has the quote : If I know what love is, it is because of you.
4280 Sophocles has the quote : Wisdom is the supreme part of happiness.
4281 Lao Tzu has the quote : He who obtains has little. He who scatters has much.
4282 Anne Bradstreet has the quote : If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant; if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome.
4283 Alfred Sheinwold has the quote : Learn all you can from the mistakes of others. You won't have time to make them all yourself.
4284 Walt Disney has the quote : If you can dream it, you can do it.
4285 Eleanor Roosevelt has the quote : I think somehow we learn who we really are and then live with that decision.
4286 Bruce Lee has the quote : Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.
4287 Heraclitus has the quote : All is flux; nothing stays still.
4288 Ralph Waldo Emerson has the quote : A hero is no braver than an ordinary man, but he is braver five minutes longer.
4289 Oprah Winfrey has the quote : Although there may be tragedy in your life, there's always a possibility to triumph. It doesn't matter who you are, where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you. Always.
4290 unknown has the quote : Life is not measured by the breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath.
4291 Frederick Douglass has the quote : If there is no struggle, there is no progress.
4292 Pablo Picasso has the quote : Action is the foundational key to all success.
4293 Plutarch has the quote : To make no mistakes is not in the power of man; but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future.
4294 Buddha has the quote : Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned.
4295 Pablo Picasso has the quote : I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
4296 William Menninger has the quote : Six essential qualities that are the key to success: Sincerity, personal integrity, humility, courtesy, wisdom, charity.
4297 Albert Camus has the quote : Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower.
4298 Tom Krause has the quote : There are no failures  just experiences and your reactions to them.
4299 unknown has the quote : A smile is a light in the window of your face to show your heart is at home.
4300 Buddha has the quote : If you light a lamp for somebody, it will also brighten your path.
4301 Bernard Shaw has the quote : Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
4302 unknown has the quote : Change your words. Change your world.
4303 Seneca has the quote : Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.
4304 Thornton Wilder has the quote : We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures.
4305 Confucius has the quote : I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.
4306 Napoleon Hill has the quote : You give before you get.
4307 Albert Schweitzer has the quote : Constant kindness can accomplish much. As the sun makes ice melt, kindness causes misunderstanding, mistrust, and hostility to evaporate.
4308 Winston Churchill has the quote : I never worry about action, but only inaction.
4309 Woody Guthrie has the quote : Take it easy  but take it.
4310 Charles Dickens has the quote : Don't leave a stone unturned. It's always something, to know you have done the most you could.
4311 Buddha has the quote : The thought manifests as the word. The word manifests as the deed. The deed develops into habit. And the habit hardens into character.
4312 Abraham Lincoln has the quote : Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.
4313 Lao Tzu has the quote : A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves.
4314 Lao Tzu has the quote : Nothing is softer or more flexible than water, yet nothing can resist it.
4315 Bernard Shaw has the quote : I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the community, and as long as I live it is my privilege to do for it whatever I can.
4316 Alan Cohen has the quote : Appreciation is the highest form of prayer, for it acknowledges the presence of good wherever you shine the light of your thankful thoughts.
4317 Elbert Hubbard has the quote : The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.
4318 Sarah Breathnach has the quote : Our deepest wishes are whispers of our authentic selves. We must learn to respect them. We must learn to listen.
4319 Epictetus has the quote : If you seek truth you will not seek victory by dishonourable means, and if you find truth you will become invincible.
4320 Cullen Hightower has the quote : When performance exceeds ambition, the overlap is called success.
4321 Leonardo da Vinci has the quote : All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions.
4322 Alexander Pope has the quote : Blessed is the man who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
4323 unknown has the quote : The real measure of your wealth is how much youd be worth if you lost all your money.
4324 Dale Carnegie has the quote : Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
4325 Epictetus has the quote : One that desires to excel should endeavour in those things that are in themselves most excellent.
4326 Elbert Hubbard has the quote : The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.
4327 Bruce Lee has the quote : The less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be.
4328 Doris Day has the quote : Gratitude is riches. Complaint is poverty.
4329 George Sheehan has the quote : Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be.
4330 unknown has the quote : Love is just a word until someone comes along and gives it meaning.
4331 Thich Nhat Hanh has the quote : The most precious gift we can offer anyone is our attention. When mindfulness embraces those we love, they will bloom like flowers.
4332 Jean-Paul Sartre has the quote : Man is not sum of what he has already, but rather the sum of what he does not yet have, of what he could have.
4333 Percy Shelley has the quote : Fear not for the future, weep not for the past.
4334 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Adversity isn't set against you to fail; adversity is a way to build your character so that you can succeed over and over again through perseverance.
4335 Plotinus has the quote : Knowledge has three degrees  opinion, science, illumination. The means or instrument of the first is sense; of the second, dialectic; of the third, intuition.
4336 Ralph Emerson has the quote : The years teach much which the days never know.
4337 Eleanor Roosevelt has the quote : People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is built.
4338 Epictetus has the quote : It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters.
4339 Laozi has the quote : When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you.
4340 Bernard Shaw has the quote : I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the community, and as long as I live it is my privilege to do for it whatever I can.
4341 Mother Teresa has the quote : Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
4342 Barack Obama has the quote : Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones weve been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.
4343 unknown has the quote : Kindness is the greatest wisdom.
4344 Aristotle has the quote : We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
4345 Richard Bach has the quote : If you love someone, set them free. If they come back they're yours; if they don't they never were.
4346 Ralph Waldo Emerson has the quote : Imagination is not a talent of some men but is the health of every man.
4347 Thich Nhat Hanh has the quote : Smile, breathe, and go slowly.
4348 Mary Kay Ash has the quote : For every failure, there's an alternative course of action. You just have to find it. When you come to a roadblock, take a detour.
4349 Peter Elbow has the quote : Meaning is not what you start with but what you end up with.
4350 Nikola Tesla has the quote : Let the future tell the truth, and evaluate each one according to his work and accomplishments. The present is theirs; the future, for which I have really worked, is mine.
4351 Michael Korda has the quote : To succeed, we must first believe that we can.
4352 Chinese proverb has the quote : He who deliberates fully before taking a step will spend his entire life on one leg.
4353 Rene Descartes has the quote : It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well.
4354 Abraham Lincoln has the quote : Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any one thing.
4355 Donald Trump has the quote : Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.
4356 Winston Churchill has the quote : You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
4357 unknown has the quote : Many people have gone further than they thought they could because someone else thought they could.
4358 Oliver Holmes has the quote : We do not quit playing because we grow old, we grow old because we quit playing.
4359 unknown has the quote : Why compare yourself with others? No one in the entire world can do a better job of being you than you.
4360 Frank Tyger has the quote : Learn to listen. Opportunity could be knocking at your door very softly.
4361 Leon Blum has the quote : The free man is he who does not fear to go to the end of his thought.
4362 Eckhart Tolle has the quote : The past has no power to stop you from being present now. Only your grievance about the past can do that.
4363 Albert Einstein has the quote : If A is success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut.
4364 Eckhart Tolle has the quote : Whenever something negative happens to you, there is a deep lesson concealed within it.
4365 Robert Southey has the quote : It is with words as with sunbeams. The more they are condensed, the deeper they burn.
4366 Zig Ziglar has the quote : You are the only person on Earth who can use your ability.
4367 Donald Kircher has the quote : A man of ability and the desire to accomplish something can do anything.
4368 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : The best teacher is experience learned from failures.
4369 Lewis Cass has the quote : People may doubt what you say, but they will believe what you do.
4370 Epictetus has the quote : It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows.
4371 Epictetus has the quote : Nature gave us one tongue and two ears so we could hear twice as much as we speak.
4372 Buddha has the quote : To keep the body in good health is a duty... otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.
4373 Ella Fitzgerald has the quote : It isn't where you come from, it's where you're going that counts.
4374 Lao Tzu has the quote : From wonder into wonder existence opens.
4375 Dalai Lama has the quote : I believe that we are fundamentally the same and have the same basic potential.
4376 Ralph Marston has the quote : Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude.
4377 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Miracles come in moments. Be ready and willing.
4378 unknown has the quote : All the flowers of all the tomorrows are in the seeds of today.
4379 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : You have power over your mind  not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.
4380 James Pence has the quote : Success is determined by those whom prove the impossible, possible.
4381 Corita Kent has the quote : Life is a succession of moments. To live each one is to succeed.
4382 Mark Twain has the quote : Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
4383 Robert Fulghum has the quote : If you break your neck, if you have nothing to eat, if your house is on fire, then you got a problem. Everything else is inconvenience.
4384 Sophocles has the quote : Men of perverse opinion do not know the excellence of what is in their hands, till some one dash it from them.
4385 unknown has the quote : Every sixty seconds you spend angry, upset or mad, is a full minute of happiness youll never get back.
4386 Ovid has the quote : The cause is hidden. The effect is visible to all.
4387 Pablo Picasso has the quote : I begin with an idea and then it becomes something else.
4388 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Everything in the universe goes by indirection. There are no straight lines.
4389 Albert Einstein has the quote : Setting an example is not the main means of influencing another, it is the only means.
4390 Daisaku Ikeda has the quote : True happiness means forging a strong spirit that is undefeated, no matter how trying our circumstances.
4391 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : The secret of success is constancy to purpose.
4392 Mohandas Gandhi has the quote : The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
4393 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Adversity isn't set against you to fail; adversity is a way to build your character so that you can succeed over and over again through perseverance.
4394 Lao Tzu has the quote : Nothing is softer or more flexible than water, yet nothing can resist it.
4395 Francis Bacon has the quote : A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.
4396 Richard Bach has the quote : If you love someone, set them free. If they come back they're yours; if they don't they never were.
4397 Billy Wilder has the quote : Trust your own instinct. Your mistakes might as well be your own, instead of someone elses.
4398 Eddie Cantor has the quote : Slow down and enjoy life. It's not only the scenery you miss by going too fast  you also miss the sense of where you are going and why.
4399 Ralph Marston has the quote : Let go of your attachment to being right, and suddenly your mind is more open. You're able to benefit from the unique viewpoints of others, without being crippled by your own judgement.
4400 Charles Chesnutt has the quote : Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned.
4401 Mahatma Gandhi has the quote : Our greatness lies not so much in being able to remake the world as being able to remake ourselves.
4402 unknown has the quote : The best place to find a helping hand is at the end of your own arm.
4403 John Lennon has the quote : Time you enjoy wasting, was not wasted.
4404 Robert Schuller has the quote : Failure doesn't mean you are a failure it just means you haven't succeeded yet.
4405 Oliver Holmes has the quote : Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness.
4406 Buddha has the quote : Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace.
4407 Plato has the quote : Wise men talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something.
4408 Etty Hillesum has the quote : Sometimes the most important thing in a whole day is the rest we take between two deep breaths.
4409 Albert Camus has the quote : In the depth of winter, I finally learned that there was within me an invincible summer.
4410 Ralph Blum has the quote : Nothing is predestined: The obstacles of your past can become the gateways that lead to new beginnings.
4411 Mother Teresa has the quote : Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
4412 Cicero has the quote : Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the paren't of all the others.
4413 Confucius has the quote : I want you to be everything that's you, deep at the center of your being.
4414 Dalai Lama has the quote : Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
4415 Bernard Shaw has the quote : Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
4416 Socrates has the quote : The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be.
4417 Albert Camus has the quote : All men have a sweetness in their life. That is what helps them go on. It is towards that they turn when they feel too worn out.
4418 unknown has the quote : A stumble may prevent a fall.
4419 Carl Jung has the quote : Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to a better understanding of ourselves.
4420 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : I may not know everything, but everything is not known yet anyway.
4421 Eckhart Tolle has the quote : You do not become good by trying to be good, but by finding the goodness that is already within you.
4422 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
4423 unknown has the quote : Giving up doesn't always mean you are weak; sometimes it means that you are strong enough to let go.
4424 Larry Elder has the quote : A goal without a plan is just a wish.
4425 Mohandas Gandhi has the quote : Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
4426 Walter Benjamin has the quote : To be happy is to be able to become aware of oneself without fright.
4427 Oprah Winfrey has the quote : With every experience, you alone are painting your own canvas, thought by thought, choice by choice.
4428 Napoleon Hill has the quote : You give before you get.
4429 unknown has the quote : From small beginnings come great things.
4430 Anatole France has the quote : To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.
4431 Jane Addams has the quote : Nothing could be worse than the fear that one had given up too soon, and left one unexpended effort that might have saved the world.
4432 Buddha has the quote : It is better to travel well than to arrive.
4433 Winston Churchill has the quote : I never worry about action, but only inaction.
4434 Horace has the quote : Begin, be bold, and venture to be wise.
4435 Coco Chanel has the quote : There are people who have money and people who are rich.
4436 Bruce Lee has the quote : Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it.
4437 Alexander Pope has the quote : Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame.
4438 Chinese proverb has the quote : Talk doesn't cook rice.
4439 Tehyi Hsieh has the quote : Action will remove the doubts that theory cannot solve.
4440 African proverb has the quote : When deeds speak, words are nothing.
4441 Lao Tzu has the quote : Great acts are made up of small deeds.
4442 Brian Tracy has the quote : Whatever we expect with confidence becomes our own self-fulfilling prophecy.
4443 Mahatma Gandhi has the quote : Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.
4444 John Dewey has the quote : Arriving at one point is the starting point to another.
4445 Gordon Hinckley has the quote : Our kindness may be the most persuasive argument for that which we believe.
4446 Epictetus has the quote : When you are offended at any man's fault, turn to yourself and study your own failings. Then you will forget your anger.
4447 Arie de Gues has the quote : Your ability to learn faster than your competition is your only sustainable competitive advantage.
4448 Frank Tyger has the quote : Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble.
4449 Albert Schweitzer has the quote : We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.
4450 Mohandas Gandhi has the quote : Be the change that you want to see in the world.
4451 Henry Ward Beecher has the quote : Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures.
4452 Bernice Reagon has the quote : Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are.
4453 Denis Waitley has the quote : Happiness cannot be travelled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed. Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace and gratitude.
4454 John Lennon has the quote : Life is what happens while you are making other plans.
4455 Robert Schuller has the quote : As we grow as unique persons, we learn to respect the uniqueness of others.
4456 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Many people think of prosperity that concerns money only to forget that true prosperity is of the mind.
4457 James Yorke has the quote : The most successful people are those who are good at plan B.
4458 Helen Keller has the quote : We could never learn to be brave and patient if there were only joy in the world.
4459 unknown has the quote : Worry gives a small thing a big shadow.
4460 Benjamin Franklin has the quote : One today is worth two tomorrows.
4461 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : The secret of success is constancy to purpose.
4462 Jim Rohn has the quote : Either you run the day or the day runs you.
4463 unknown has the quote : Be thankful when you don't know something for it gives you the opportunity to learn.
4464 Keshavan Nair has the quote : With courage you will dare to take risks, have the strength to be compassionate, and the wisdom to be humble. Courage is the foundation of integrity.
4465 Elbert Hubbard has the quote : The final proof of greatness lies in being able to endure criticism without resentment.
4466 Charles Dubois has the quote : The important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become.
4467 Blaise Pascal has the quote : Kind words do not cost much. Yet they accomplish much.
4468 Donald Kircher has the quote : A man of ability and the desire to accomplish something can do anything.
4469 Buddha has the quote : Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
4470 Richard Bach has the quote : You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past.
4471 Richard Bach has the quote : In order to win, you must expect to win.
4472 John Dryden has the quote : Fortune befriends the bold.
4473 Leonardo da Vinci has the quote : Iron rusts from disuse; water loses its purity from stagnation... even so does inaction sap the vigour of the mind.
4474 Ralph Emerson has the quote : We aim above the mark to hit the mark.
4475 Harry Burchell Mathews has the quote : Translation is the paradigm, the exemplar of all writing. It is translation that demonstrates most vividly the yearning for transformation that underlies every act involving speech, that supremely human gift.
4476 Richard Bach has the quote : Your friends will know you better in the first minute you meet than your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years.
4477 Walt Disney has the quote : If you can dream it, you can do it.
4478 Bernard Shaw has the quote : We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.
4479 Goethe has the quote : Just trust yourself, then you will know how to live.
4480 Muriel Rukeyser has the quote : The universe is made of stories, not atoms.
4481 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : The universe is transformation; our life is what our thoughts make it.
4482 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the universe.
4483 Andy Warhol has the quote : They say that time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.
4484 Thomas Paine has the quote : The most formidable weapon against errors of every kind is reason.
4485 Rumi has the quote : Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.
4486 Pablo Picasso has the quote : I am always doing that which I can not do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
4487 Rabbi Hillel has the quote : If I am not for myself, who will be for me? If I am not for others, what am I? And if not now, when?
4488 John Powell has the quote : The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing.
4489 Joyce Brothers has the quote : Trust your hunches. They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level.
4490 Hannah Arendt has the quote : Promises are the uniquely human way of ordering the future, making it predictable and reliable to the extent that this is humanly possible.
4491 George Orwell has the quote : Myths which are believed in tend to become true.
4492 Anais Nin has the quote : The dream was always running ahead of me. To catch up, to live for a moment in unison with it, that was the miracle.
4493 Abraham Lincoln has the quote : Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.
4494 David McCullough has the quote : Real success is finding your lifework in the work that you love.
4495 Lao Tzu has the quote : If you would take, you must first give, this is the beginning of intelligence.
4496 Helen Keller has the quote : The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart.
4497 Flora Whittemore has the quote : The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live.
4498 Aristotle has the quote : It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
4499 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the universe.
4500 Hasidic saying has the quote : Everyone should carefully observe which way his heart draws him, and then choose that way with all his strength.
4501 Epictetus has the quote : It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters.
4502 Ella Fitzgerald has the quote : It isn't where you come from, it's where you're going that counts.
4503 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Bad times have a scientific value. These are occasions a good learner would not miss.
4504 Ralph Waldo Emerson has the quote : Our strength grows out of our weaknesses.
4505 Richard Bach has the quote : Argue for your limitations, and sure enough theyre yours.
4506 Albert Einstein has the quote : If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.
4507 Leonardo da Vinci has the quote : Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence.
4508 William Blake has the quote : For everything that lives is holy, life delights in life.
4509 Lao Tzu has the quote : He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough.
4510 Chuang Tzu has the quote : Flow with whatever is happening and let your mind be free. Stay centred by accepting whatever you are doing. This is the ultimate.
4511 Thich Nhat Hanh has the quote : Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy.
4512 Doug Larson has the quote : Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk.
4513 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life.
4514 Isaac Asimov has the quote : A subtle thought that is in error may yet give rise to fruitful inquiry that can establish truths of great value.
4515 Marianne Williamson has the quote : Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are.
4516 Carl Jung has the quote : Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to a better understanding of ourselves.
4517 William Saroyan has the quote : Good people are good because they've come to wisdom through failure. We get very little wisdom from success, you know.
4518 Leon Blum has the quote : The free man is he who does not fear to go to the end of his thought.
4519 Pablo Picasso has the quote : All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.
4520 William Saroyan has the quote : Good people are good because they've come to wisdom through failure. We get very little wisdom from success, you know.
4521 Jacob Braude has the quote : Consider how hard it is to change yourself and you'll understand what little chance you have in trying to change others.
4522 Marcel Proust has the quote : Let us be grateful to people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
4523 Buddha has the quote : No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path.
4524 Lao Tzu has the quote : From wonder into wonder existence opens.
4525 Ellen Parr has the quote : The cure for boredom is curiosity. There is no cure for curiosity.
4526 Mark Twain has the quote : To get the full value of joy you must have someone to divide it with.
4527 Confucius has the quote : I am not bothered by the fact that I am unknown. I am bothered when I do not know others.
4528 Epictetus has the quote : It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows.
4529 Norman Cousins has the quote : Never deny a diagnosis, but do deny the negative verdict that may go with it.
4530 Leo F. Buscaglia has the quote : Don't smother each other. No one can grow in the shade.
4531 Danilo Dolci has the quote : It's important to know that words don't move mountains. Work, exacting work moves mountains.
4532 unknown has the quote : We all have problems. The way we solve them is what makes us different.
4533 Lao Tzu has the quote : Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach him how to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
4534 John Muir has the quote : When one tugs at a single thing in nature, he finds it attached to the rest of the world.
4535 Mary Kay Ash has the quote : For every failure, there's an alternative course of action. You just have to find it. When you come to a roadblock, take a detour.
4536 unknown has the quote : Courage is the discovery that you may not win, and trying when you know you can lose.
4537 Og Mandino has the quote : I seek constantly to improve my manners and graces, for they are the sugar to which all are attracted.
4538 Marie Curie has the quote : Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood.
4539 Etty Hillesum has the quote : Sometimes the most important thing in a whole day is the rest we take between two deep breaths.
4540 E. M. Forster has the quote : One must be fond of people and trust them if one is not to make a mess of life.
4541 Albert Einstein has the quote : We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.
4542 Rene Descartes has the quote : It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well.
4543 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
4544 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Make the most of yourself for that is all there is of you.
4545 unknown has the quote : A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.
4546 Denis Waitley has the quote : There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them.
4547 Lao Tzu has the quote : Great acts are made up of small deeds.
4548 Elbert Hubbard has the quote : The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.
4549 Charlotte Gilman has the quote : Let us revere, let us worship, but erect and open-eyed, the highest, not the lowest; the future, not the past!
4550 Calvin Coolidge has the quote : I have never been hurt by anything I didn't say.
4551 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul; the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
4552 Woody Guthrie has the quote : Take it easy  but take it.
4553 Eden Phillpotts has the quote : The universe is full of magical things, patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.
4554 Abernathy has the quote : The industrial landscape is already littered with remains of once successful companies that could not adapt their strategic vision to altered conditions of competition.
4555 Samuel Taylor Coleridge has the quote : Imagination is the living power and prime agent of all human perception.
4556 John Lennon has the quote : Yeah we all shine on, like the moon, and the stars, and the sun.
4557 Albert Einstein has the quote : A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
4558 unknown has the quote : Every new day is another chance to change your life.
4559 Buckminster Fuller has the quote : There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly.
4560 Confucius has the quote : I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.
4561 Antoine de Saint-Exupery has the quote : I know but one freedom and that is the freedom of the mind.
4562 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Our intention creates our reality.
4563 A. Powell Davies has the quote : Life is just a chance to grow a soul.
4564 Bruce Lee has the quote : If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.
4565 Leo Tolstoy has the quote : We lost because we told ourselves we lost.
4566 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : What you give is what you get.
4567 Buddha has the quote : In the sky, there is no distinction of east and west; people create distinctions out of their own minds and then believe them to be true.
4568 John De Paola has the quote : Slow down and everything you are chasing will come around and catch you.
4569 Marian Edelman has the quote : You really can change the world if you care enough.
4570 Buddha has the quote : Thousands of candles can be lit from a single, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
4571 Joseph Roux has the quote : A fine quotation is a diamond on the finger of a man of wit, and a pebble in the hand of a fool.
4572 Chinese proverb has the quote : If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape one hundred days of sorrow.
4573 Cavour has the quote : The man who trusts men will make fewer mistakes than he who distrusts them.
4574 Publilius Syrus has the quote : While we stop to think, we often miss our opportunity.
4575 unknown has the quote : Everyone smiles in the same language.
4576 John Dewey has the quote : The self is not something ready-made, but something in continuous formation through choice of action.
4577 Jacob Braude has the quote : Consider how hard it is to change yourself and you'll understand what little chance you have in trying to change others.
4578 William R. Inge has the quote : Nature takes away any faculty that is not used.
4579 Nora Roberts has the quote : If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no. If you don't step forward, you're always in the same place.
4580 Richard Bach has the quote : Every person, all the events of your life are there because you have drawn them there. What you choose to do with them is up to you.
4581 Margaret Fuller has the quote : If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it.
4582 unknown has the quote : Friendship isn't a big thing. It's a million little things.
4583 Indira Gandhi has the quote : You can't shake hands with a clenched fist.
4584 Zig Ziglar has the quote : Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
4585 Bishop Desmond Tutu has the quote : We must not allow ourselves to become like the system we oppose.
4586 Bruce Lee has the quote : The less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be.
4587 Lewis Cass has the quote : People may doubt what you say, but they will believe what you do.
4588 Buddha has the quote : We are what we think. All that we are arises with our thoughts. With our thoughts, we make the world.
4589 unknown has the quote : Never miss an opportunity to make others happy, even if you have to leave them alone in order to do it.
4590 William Shakespeare has the quote : Speak low, if you speak love.
4591 unknown has the quote : A good rest is half the work.
4592 Buddha has the quote : Chaos is inherent in all compounded things. Strive on with diligence.
4593 Sigmund Freud has the quote : From error to error one discovers the entire truth.
4594 André Gide has the quote : Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.
4595 unknown has the quote : Never tell me the skys the limit when there are footprints on the moon.
4596 Michael Vance has the quote : Life is not measured by the breaths you take, but by its breathtaking moments.
4597 Dale Earnhardt has the quote : The winner ain't the one with the fastest car it's the one who refuses to lose.
4598 Tony Robbins has the quote : Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.
4599 Albert Einstein has the quote : When the solution is simple, God is answering.
4600 Mal Pancoast has the quote : The odds of hitting your target go up dramatically when you aim at it.
4601 William James has the quote : The deepest craving of human nature is the need to be appreciated.
4602 Edna Millay has the quote : I am glad that I paid so little attention to good advice; had I abided by it I might have been saved from some of my most valuable mistakes.
4603 Tomas Eliot has the quote : Do not expect the world to look bright, if you habitually wear gray-brown glasses.
4604 Lao Tzu has the quote : He who talks more is sooner exhausted.
4605 Ralph Emerson has the quote : The only way to have a friend is to be one.
4606 Lao Tzu has the quote : If you would take, you must first give, this is the beginning of intelligence.
4607 German proverb has the quote : Silence is a fence around wisdom.
4608 Carl Jung has the quote : Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes.
4609 Albert Schweitzer has the quote : Never say there is nothing beautiful in the world any more. There is always something to make you wonder in the shape of a tree, the trembling of a leaf.
4610 Ovid has the quote : All things change; nothing perishes.
4611 Buddha has the quote : You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger.
4612 Lee Womack has the quote : I think you can have moderate success by copying something else, but if you really want to knock it out of the park, you have to do something different and take chances.
4613 Joan Didion has the quote : To free us from the expectations of others, to give us back to ourselves  there lies the great, singular power of self-respect.
4614 Lucille Ball has the quote : I have an everyday religion that works for me. Love yourself first, and everything else falls into line.
4615 Elizabeth Arden has the quote : I'm not interested in age. People who tell me their age are silly. You're as old as you feel.
4616 Charlotte Gilman has the quote : Let us revere, let us worship, but erect and open-eyed, the highest, not the lowest; the future, not the past!
4617 Richard Bach has the quote : Allow the world to live as it chooses, and allow yourself to live as you choose.
4618 Henry Longfellow has the quote : He that respects himself is safe from others; he wears a coat of mail that none can pierce.
4619 Mark Twain has the quote : Whoever is happy will make others happy, too.
4620 unknown has the quote : The difficulties of life are intended to make us better, not bitter.
4621 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Skill to do comes of doing.
4622 Buddha has the quote : No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path.
4623 Albert Einstein has the quote : A man should look for what is, and not for what he thinks should be.
4624 Zig Ziglar has the quote : You are the only person on earth who can use your ability.
4625 Richard Bach has the quote : Every problem has a gift for you in its hands.
4626 Confucius has the quote : To give ones self earnestly to the duties due to men, and, while respecting spiritual beings, to keep aloof from them, may be called wisdom.
4627 J. Willard Marriott has the quote : Good timber does not grow with ease; the stronger the wind, the stronger the trees.
4628 Leo Buscaglia has the quote : Never idealize others. They will never live up to your expectations.
4629 Bruce Lee has the quote : Take things as they are. Punch when you have to punch. Kick when you have to kick.
4630 Sophocles has the quote : Men of perverse opinion do not know the excellence of what is in their hands, till some one dash it from them.
4631 Goethe has the quote : A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart.
4632 Napoleon Hill has the quote : When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve.
4633 unknown has the quote : A bend in the road is not the end of the road...unless you fail to make the turn.
4634 Mahatma Gandhi has the quote : Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.
4635 Cicero has the quote : We must not say every mistake is a foolish one.
4636 Richard Bach has the quote : You teach best what you most need to learn.
4637 Catherine Pulsifer has the quote : Rather than wishing for change, you first must be prepared to change.
4638 unknown has the quote : Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.
4639 Christopher Morley has the quote : There is only one success  to be able to spend your life in your own way.
4640 Thornton Wilder has the quote : We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures.
4641 Lewis Cass has the quote : People may doubt what you say, but they will believe what you do.
4642 Oliver Holmes has the quote : Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness.
4643 Jonathan Swift has the quote : Discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody else has thought.
4644 William Lyon Phelps has the quote : This is the final test of a gentleman: his respect for those who can be of no possible value to him.
4645 William Londen has the quote : To ensure good health: eat lightly, breathe deeply, live moderately, cultivate cheerfulness, and maintain an interest in life.
4646 Albert Einstein has the quote : We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.
4647 William Hazlitt has the quote : Just as much as we see in others we have in ourselves.
4648 Will Rogers has the quote : If you find yourself in a hole, the first thing to do is stop digging.
4649 Lao Tzu has the quote : He who controls others may be powerful, but he who has mastered himself is mightier still.
4650 Albert Einstein has the quote : I have no special talent. I am only passionately curious.
4651 André Gide has the quote : Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.
4652 Confucius has the quote : Reviewing what you have learned and learning anew, you are fit to be a teacher.
4653 Princess Diana has the quote : Only do what your heart tells you.
4654 Robert Kennedy has the quote : Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
4655 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Many people think of prosperity that concerns money only to forget that true prosperity is of the mind.
4656 Buddha has the quote : To keep the body in good health is a duty... otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.
4657 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Miracles come in moments. Be ready and willing.
4658 Oscar Wilde has the quote : The only thing to do with good advice is to pass it on. It is never of any use to oneself.
4659 Robert Stevenson has the quote : Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant.
4660 Albert Camus has the quote : In the depth of winter, I finally learned that there was within me an invincible summer.
4661 Jim Rohn has the quote : The more you care, the stronger you can be.
4662 Bernice Reagon has the quote : Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are.
4663 Ralph Emerson has the quote : So is cheerfulness, or a good temper, the more it is spent, the more remains.
4664 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Staying in one place is the best path to be taken over and surpassed by many.
4665 Charles DeLint has the quote : The road leading to a goal does not separate you from the destination; it is essentially a part of it.
4666 Francoise de Motteville has the quote : The true way to render ourselves happy is to love our work and find in it our pleasure.
4667 Niccolo Machiavelli has the quote : Men in general judge more from appearances than from reality. All men have eyes, but few have the gift of penetration.
4668 Robert Lynd has the quote : Any of us can achieve virtue, if by virtue we merely mean the avoidance of the vices that do not attract us.
4669 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive  to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love.
4670 Sophocles has the quote : Wisdom is the supreme part of happiness.
4671 Eckhart Tolle has the quote : Whenever something negative happens to you, there is a deep lesson concealed within it.
4672 Robert Louis Stevenson has the quote : There is no duty we so underrate as the duty of being happy. By being happy we sow anonymous benefits upon the world.
4673 Keshavan Nair has the quote : With courage you will dare to take risks, have the strength to be compassionate, and the wisdom to be humble. Courage is the foundation of integrity.
4674 Felix Adler has the quote : The truth which has made us free will in the end make us glad also.
4675 unknown has the quote : Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift that's why they call it the present.
4676 Rudolf Arnheim has the quote : All perceiving is also thinking, all reasoning is also intuition, all observation is also invention.
4677 Aesop has the quote : No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
4678 Richard Bach has the quote : What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly.
4679 Confucius has the quote : I will not be concerned at other men is not knowing me;I will be concerned at my own want of ability.
4680 Confucius has the quote : The Superior Man is aware of Righteousness, the inferior man is aware of advantage.
4681 Robert Schuller has the quote : As we grow as unique persons, we learn to respect the uniqueness of others.
4682 Frances de Sales has the quote : Nothing is so strong as gentleness. Nothing is so gentle as real strength.
4683 Lao Tzu has the quote : When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you.
4684 Wayne Dyer has the quote : There is no way to prosperity, prosperity is the way.
4685 Chinese proverb has the quote : Talk doesn't cook rice.
4686 E. M. Forster has the quote : One must be fond of people and trust them if one is not to make a mess of life.
4687 Jane Roberts has the quote : By accepting yourself and being fully what you are, your presence can make others happy.
4688 Moncure Conway has the quote : The best thing in every noble dream is the dreamer...
4689 Tehyi Hsieh has the quote : Action will remove the doubts that theory cannot solve.
4690 Charles Dickens has the quote : Don't leave a stone unturned. It's always something, to know you have done the most you could.
4691 Harriet Woods has the quote : You can stand tall without standing on someone. You can be a victor without having victims.
4692 Jean Lacordaire has the quote : Neither genius, fame, nor love show the greatness of the soul. Only kindness can do that.
4693 unknown has the quote : Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.
4694 Napoleon Hill has the quote : You can do it if you believe you can!
4695 Harry Banks has the quote : For success, attitude is equally as important as ability.
4696 Elbert Hubbard has the quote : To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.
4697 Rumi has the quote : Everyone has been made for some particular work, and the desire for that work has been put in every heart.
4698 Abraham Lincoln has the quote : Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be
4699 Rene Descartes has the quote : It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well.
4700 Buddha has the quote : Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace.
4701 Edward Young has the quote : On every thorn, delightful wisdom grows, In every rill a sweet instruction flows.
4702 Confucius has the quote : When you see a good person, think of becoming like him. When you see someone not so good, reflect on your own weak points.
4703 Horace has the quote : Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents, which in prosperous circumstances would have lain dormant.
4704 Abraham Lincoln has the quote : Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.
4705 Alfred Sheinwold has the quote : Learn all you can from the mistakes of others. You won't have time to make them all yourself.
4706 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Respect is not something that you can ask for, buy or borrow. Respect is what you earn from each person no matter their background or status.
4707 Aristotle has the quote : The energy of the mind is the essence of life.
4708 Albert Schweitzer has the quote : An optimist is a person who sees a green light everywhere, while the pessimist sees only the red spotlight... The truly wise person is colour-blind.
4709 Ken S. Keyes has the quote : To be upset over what you don't have is to waste what you do have.
4710 Denis Waitley has the quote : A dream is your creative vision for your life in the future. You must break out of your current comfort zone and become comfortable with the unfamiliar and the unknown.
4711 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Everything you are against weakens you. Everything you are for empowers you.
4712 Peter Drucker has the quote : There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all.
4713 Plotinus has the quote : Knowledge has three degrees  opinion, science, illumination. The means or instrument of the first is sense; of the second, dialectic; of the third, intuition.
4714 Thornton Wilder has the quote : We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures.
4715 John F. Kennedy has the quote : As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.
4716 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Good luck is another name for tenacity of purpose.
4717 Antoine de Saint-Exupery has the quote : I know but one freedom and that is the freedom of the mind.
4718 Isaac Asimov has the quote : A subtle thought that is in error may yet give rise to fruitful inquiry that can establish truths of great value.
4719 Buddha has the quote : If you propose to speak, always ask yourself, is it true, is it necessary, is it kind.
4720 Carl Jung has the quote : The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it.
4721 Mary Morrissey has the quote : You block your dream when you allow your fear to grow bigger than your faith.
4722 Richard Bach has the quote : Argue for your limitations, and sure enough they're yours.
4723 Edmund Burke has the quote : Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little.
4724 Tehyi Hsieh has the quote : Action will remove the doubts that theory cannot solve.
4725 Blaise Pascal has the quote : The heart has its reasons which reason knows not of.
4726 Anthony D'Angelo has the quote : Listen to your intuition. It will tell you everything you need to know.
4727 unknown has the quote : Why worry about tomorrow, when today is all we have?
4728 Buddha has the quote : Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it.
4729 unknown has the quote : Change your words. Change your world.
4730 unknown has the quote : Change your thoughts, change your life!
4731 Pablo Picasso has the quote : Action is the foundational key to all success.
4732 Antoine de Saint-Exupery has the quote : I know but one freedom and that is the freedom of the mind.
4733 Cheng Yen has the quote : Happiness does not come from having much, but from being attached to little.
4734 Thomas Hardy has the quote : Time changes everything except something within us which is always surprised by change.
4735 Robert Pirsig has the quote : The only Zen you find on the tops of mountains is the Zen you bring up there.
4736 Richard Needham has the quote : Strong people make as many mistakes as weak people. Difference is that strong people admit their mistakes, laugh at them, learn from them. That is how they become strong.
4737 Benjamin Franklin has the quote : Well done is better than well said.
4738 Richard Bach has the quote : Argue for your limitations, and sure enough they're yours.
4739 Eckhart Tolle has the quote : The past has no power to stop you from being present now. Only your grievance about the past can do that.
4740 Albert Einstein has the quote : If A is success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut.
4741 Joseph Stalin has the quote : I believe in one thing only, the power of human will.
4742 Philip Sidney has the quote : Either I will find a way, or I will make one.
4743 Laurence J. Peter has the quote : There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought.
4744 Confucius has the quote : The cautious seldom err.
4745 Dale Earnhardt has the quote : The winner ain't the one with the fastest car it's the one who refuses to lose.
4746 Wit has the quote : We choose our destiny in the way we treat others.
4747 Brian Tracy has the quote : There is never enough time to do everything, but there is always enough time to do the most important thing.
4748 Robert Frost has the quote : The best way out is always through.
4749 Buddha has the quote : What you are is what you have been. What youll be is what you do now.
4750 Carlyle has the quote : Silence is deep as Eternity, Speech is shallow as Time.
4751 unknown has the quote : Never miss an opportunity to make others happy, even if you have to leave them alone in order to do it.
4752 Abraham Lincoln has the quote : When you have got an elephant by the hind legs and he is trying to run away, it's best to let him run.
4753 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : People are so constituted that everybody would rather undertake what they see others do, whether they have an aptitude for it or not.
4754 Albert Einstein has the quote : Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.
4755 Ralph Emerson has the quote : In skating over thin ice our safety is in our speed.
4756 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : What you give is what you get.
4757 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure.
4758 unknown has the quote : Why worry about things you cant control when you can keep yourself busy controlling the things that depend on you?
4759 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Spring is a time for rebirth and the fulfilment of new life.
4760 Jim Rohn has the quote : Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention.
4761 Michelangelo has the quote : Faith in oneself is the best and safest course.
4762 Tom Peters has the quote : Formula for success: under promise and over deliver.
4763 Albert Schweitzer has the quote : One who gains strength by overcoming obstacles possesses the only strength which can overcome adversity.
4764 John Dryden has the quote : Fortune befriends the bold.
4765 Lao Tzu has the quote : The key to growth is the introduction of higher dimensions of consciousness into our awareness.
4766 Mary Kay Ash has the quote : Those who are blessed with the most talent don't necessarily outperform everyone else. It's the people with follow-through who excel.
4767 Napoleon Bonaparte has the quote : If you want a thing done well, do it yourself.
4768 Chalmers has the quote : The grand essentials of happiness are: something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.
4769 William Shakespeare has the quote : To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first.
4770 Confucius has the quote : Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
4771 Ovid has the quote : Take rest; a field that has rested gives a bountiful crop.
4772 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : Treat people as if they were what they ought to be and you help them to become what they are capable of being.
4773 Napoleon Bonaparte has the quote : Imagination rules the world.
4774 Fran Watson has the quote : As we risk ourselves, we grow. Each new experience is a risk.
4775 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : You can't create in a vacuum. Life gives you the material and dreams can propel new beginnings.
4776 Thomas Fuller has the quote : An invincible determination can accomplish almost anything and in this lies the great distinction between great men and little men.
4777 Buddha has the quote : All that we are is the result of what we have thought. The mind is everything. What we think we become.
4778 Richard Bach has the quote : Ask yourself the secret of your success. Listen to your answer, and practice it.
4779 Confucius has the quote : Ability will never catch up with the demand for it.
4780 Christian Bovee has the quote : Example has more followers than reason.
4781 Albert Schweitzer has the quote : Wherever a man turns he can find someone who needs him.
4782 Eden Phillpotts has the quote : The universe is full of magical things, patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.
4783 Dhammapada has the quote : Do not give your attention to what others do or fail to do; give it to what you do or fail to do.
4784 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Sadness may be part of life but there is no need to let it dominate your entire life.
4785 John Powell has the quote : The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing.
4786 John Simone has the quote : If you're in a bad situation, don't worry it'll change. If you're in a good situation, don't worry it'll change.
4787 Blaise Pascal has the quote : Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world.
4788 Buddha has the quote : Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace.
4789 Thomas Carlyle has the quote : Do not be embarrassed by your mistakes. Nothing can teach us better than our understanding of them. This is one of the best ways of self-education.
4790 Benjamin Franklin has the quote : There never was a good knife made of bad steel.
4791 Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart has the quote : Neither a lofty degree of intelligence nor imagination nor both together go to the making of genius. Love, love, love, that is the soul of genius.
4792 unknown has the quote : The difficulties of life are intended to make us better, not bitter.
4793 John F. Kennedy has the quote : As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.
4794 Jean Lacordaire has the quote : We are the leaves of one branch, the drops of one sea, the flowers of one garden.
4795 unknown has the quote : You may only be someone in the world, but to someone else, you may be the world.
4796 Socrates has the quote : The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be.
4797 Ed Cunningham has the quote : Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer.
4798 Japanese proverb has the quote : Vision without action is a daydream. Action without vision is a nightmare.
4799 Yogi Berra has the quote : You can observe a lot just by watching.
4800 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : To give hope to someone occurs when you teach them how to use the tools to do it for themselves.
4801 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth.
4802 Brendan Francis has the quote : No yesterdays are ever wasted for those who give themselves to today.
4803 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Our intention creates our reality.
4804 Will Durant has the quote : The trouble with most people is that they think with their hopes or fears or wishes rather than with their minds.
4805 James Freeman Clarke has the quote : We are either progressing or retrograding all the while. There is no such thing as remaining stationary in this life.
4806 Denis Waitley has the quote : You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler.
4807 Franklin Roosevelt has the quote : When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.
4808 Jim Rohn has the quote : The more you care, the stronger you can be.
4809 Richard Bach has the quote : Don't be dismayed by good-byes. A farewell is necessary before you can meet again. And meeting again, after moments or lifetimes, is certain for those who are friends.
4810 William Shakespeare has the quote : To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first.
4811 unknown has the quote : Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift that's why they call it the present.
4812 Maureen Dowd has the quote : The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for.
4813 Korean proverb has the quote : If you kick a stone in anger, you'll hurt your own foot.
4814 Tony Robbins has the quote : The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives.
4815 Albert Einstein has the quote : Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them.
4816 Rabbi Hillel has the quote : If I am not for myself, who will be for me? If I am not for others, what am I? And if not now, when?
4817 Charles Darwin has the quote : The highest stage in moral ure at which we can arrive is when we recognize that we ought to control our thoughts.
4818 Henry Thoreau has the quote : The only way to tell the truth is to speak with kindness. Only the words of a loving man can be heard.
4819 Eleanor Roosevelt has the quote : I think somehow we learn who we really are and then live with that decision.
4820 Maya Angelou has the quote : If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can totally transform one million realities.
4821 Oliver Holmes has the quote : We do not quit playing because we grow old, we grow old because we quit playing.
4822 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.
4823 Ralph Emerson has the quote : The years teach much which the days never know.
4824 John Dewey has the quote : Without some goals and some efforts to reach it, no man can live.
4825 Albert Schweitzer has the quote : Never say there is nothing beautiful in the world any more. There is always something to make you wonder in the shape of a tree, the trembling of a leaf.
4826 James Lowell has the quote : A weed is no more than a flower in disguise.
4827 unknown has the quote : Beware of the half truth. You may have gotten hold of the wrong half.
4828 Mother Teresa has the quote : If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one.
4829 Socrates has the quote : Be as you wish to seem.
4830 Lee Mildon has the quote : People seldom notice old clothes if you wear a big smile.
4831 Sylvia Voirol has the quote : Rainbows apologize for angry skies.
4832 Napoleon Bonaparte has the quote : The best cure for the body is a quiet mind.
4833 Jean de la Fontaine has the quote : Sadness flies away on the wings of time.
4834 André Gide has the quote : Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.
4835 Bruce Lee has the quote : As you think, so shall you become.
4836 Sophocles has the quote : A short saying oft contains much wisdom.
4837 Brian Tracy has the quote : Goals are the fuel in the furnace of achievement.
4838 Francois de La Rochefoucauld has the quote : A true friend is the most precious of all possessions and the one we take the least thought about acquiring.
4839 Henry Beecher has the quote : Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul.
4840 Jawaharlal Nehru has the quote : A leader or a man of action in a crisis almost always acts subconsciously and then thinks of the reasons for his action.
4841 Ambrose Bierce has the quote : Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret.
4842 unknown has the quote : Most smiles are started by another smile.
4843 Ingrid Bergman has the quote : You must train your intuition  you must trust the small voice inside you which tells you exactly what to say, what to decide.
4844 Stephen Covey has the quote : We are not animals. We are not a product of what has happened to us in our past. We have the power of choice.
4845 Leonardo da Vinci has the quote : In rivers, the water that you touch is the last of what has passed and the first of that which comes; so with present time.
4846 Buddha has the quote : Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
4847 Buddha has the quote : Your work is to discover your work and then with all your heart to give yourself to it.
4848 Wayne Dyer has the quote : You can't choose up sides on a round world.
4849 Albert Einstein has the quote : Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving.
4850 unknown has the quote : It's not who you are that holds you back, it's who you think you're not.
4851 unknown has the quote : Each time we face a fear, we gain strength, courage, and confidence in the doing.
4852 Bruce Lee has the quote : Take no thought of who is right or wrong or who is better than. Be not for or against.
4853 Michael Korda has the quote : To succeed, we must first believe that we can.
4854 Confucius has the quote : Being in humaneness is good. If we select other goodness and thus are far apart from humaneness, how can we be the wise?
4855 Og Mandino has the quote : Each misfortune you encounter will carry in it the seed of tomorrows good luck.
4856 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Staying in one place is the best path to be taken over and surpassed by many.
4857 Heraclitus has the quote : All is flux; nothing stays still.
4858 Sydney Smith has the quote : It is the greatest of all mistakes to do nothing because you can only do little  do what you can.
4859 Buckminster Fuller has the quote : There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly.
4860 Richard Bach has the quote : To bring anything into your life, imagine that it's already there.
4861 Lao Tzu has the quote : To see things in the seed, that is genius.
4862 Brian Tracy has the quote : Goals are the fuel in the furnace of achievement.
4863 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.
4864 Buddha has the quote : However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them?
4865 Carl Jung has the quote : Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darknesses of other people.
4866 Chuang Tzu has the quote : Flow with whatever is happening and let your mind be free. Stay centred by accepting whatever you are doing. This is the ultimate.
4867 Richard Bach has the quote : To bring anything into your life, imagine that it's already there.
4868 George Sheehan has the quote : Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be.
4869 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Responsibility is not inherited, it is a choice that everyone needs to make at some point in their life.
4870 unknown has the quote : Don't miss all the beautiful colors of the rainbow looking for that pot of gold.
4871 John Lennon has the quote : Time you enjoyed wasting was not wasted.
4872 Henry David Thoreau has the quote : If one advances confidently in the direction of his dream, and endeavours to live the life which he had imagines, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.
4873 William Shakespeare has the quote : God has given you one face, and you make yourself another.
4874 Douglas Adams has the quote : Human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so.
4875 Richard Bach has the quote : What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly.
4876 Mother Teresa has the quote : We can do no great things, only small things with great love.
4877 Paul Graham has the quote : The most dangerous way to lose time is not to spend it having fun, but to spend it doing fake work. When you spend time having fun, you know you're being self-indulgent.
4878 unknown has the quote : Don't be pushed by your problems; be led by your dreams.
4879 Voltaire has the quote : Meditation is the dissolution of thoughts in eternal awareness or Pure consciousness without objectification, knowing without thinking, merging finitude in infinity.
4880 Buddha has the quote : Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace.
4881 Old German proverb has the quote : You have to take it as it happens, but you should try to make it happen the way you want to take it.
4882 Eckhart Tolle has the quote : The past has no power to stop you from being present now. Only your grievance about the past can do that.
4883 Dr. David M. Burns has the quote : Aim for success, not perfection. Never give up your right to be wrong, because then you will lose the ability to learn new things and move forward with your life.
4884 Ymber Delecto has the quote : The time you think you're missing, misses you too.
4885 Carl Jung has the quote : Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to a better understanding of ourselves.
4886 Albert Einstein has the quote : Anyone who doesn't take truth seriously in small matters cannot be trusted in large ones either.
4887 Arthur Conan Doyle has the quote : Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius.
4888 Dalai Lama has the quote : The key to transforming our hearts and minds is to have an understanding of how our thoughts and emotions work.
4889 Thomas Kempis has the quote : Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be.
4890 unknown has the quote : Most smiles are started by another smile.
4891 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit.
4892 Doug Horton has the quote : Be your own hero, it's cheaper than a movie ticket.
4893 Winston Churchill has the quote : Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
4894 unknown has the quote : A smile is a light in the window of your face to show your heart is at home.
4895 Wayne Dyer has the quote : When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself.
4896 Felix Adler has the quote : The truth which has made us free will in the end make us glad also.
4897 Oliver Holmes has the quote : Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness.
4898 Buddha has the quote : In separateness lies the world's great misery, in compassion lies the world's true strength.
4899 Barbara Baron has the quote : Don't wait for your feelings to change to take the action. Take the action and your feelings will change.
4900 Frank Wright has the quote : The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.
4901 Maya Angelou has the quote : Prejudice is a burden that confuses the past, threatens the future and renders the present inaccessible.
4902 Confucius has the quote : The superior man acts before he speaks, and afterwards speaks according to his action.
4903 Napoleon Hill has the quote : No man can succeed in a line of endeavor which he does not like.
4904 John Simone has the quote : If you're in a bad situation, don't worry it'll change. If you're in a good situation, don't worry it'll change.
4905 Simone Weil has the quote : Liberty, taking the word in its concrete sense, consists in the ability to choose.
4906 Napoleon Hill has the quote : If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.
4907 Og Mandino has the quote : I seek constantly to improve my manners and graces, for they are the sugar to which all are attracted.
4908 Oliver Holmes has the quote : Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness.
4909 Buddha has the quote : You only lose what you cling to.
4910 Buddha has the quote : The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.
4911 Mark Twain has the quote : When in doubt, tell the truth.
4912 Sam Levenson has the quote : It's so simple to be wise. Just think of something stupid to say and then don't say it.
4913 Henry Ford has the quote : If you think you can, you can. And if you think you can't, you're right.
4914 Thomas Jefferson has the quote : Never put off till tomorrow what you can do today.
4915 Peter Drucker has the quote : Follow effective action with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action.
4916 Ella Fitzgerald has the quote : It isn't where you come from, it's where you're going that counts.
4917 Jules Poincare has the quote : It is through science that we prove, but through intuition that we discover.
4918 Audre Lorde has the quote : When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.
4919 Richard Bach has the quote : Every problem has a gift for you in its hands.
4920 Richard Bach has the quote : The meaning I picked, the one that changed my life: Overcome fear, behold wonder.
4921 Helen Keller has the quote : No pessimist ever discovered the secrets of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new heaven to the human spirit.
4922 Benjamin Haydon has the quote : There surely is in human nature an inherent propensity to extract all the good out of all the evil.
4923 Alfred Whitehead has the quote : The art of progress is to preserve order amid change, and to preserve change amid order.
4924 Pema Chodron has the quote : The future is completely open, and we are writing it moment to moment.
4925 unknown has the quote : It's easier to see the mistakes on someone else's paper.
4926 Benjamin Franklin has the quote : There never was a good knife made of bad steel.
4927 Albert Einstein has the quote : If A is success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut.
4928 Frank Herbert has the quote : The beginning of knowledge is the discovery of something we do not understand.
4929 V. Naipaul has the quote : The world is always in movement.
4930 Harriet Lerner has the quote : Only through our connectedness to others can we really know and enhance the self. And only through working on the self can we begin to enhance our connectedness to others.
4931 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : What you give is what you get.
4932 Mohandas Gandhi has the quote : Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
4933 Maya Angelou has the quote : If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.
4934 Goethe has the quote : A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart.
4935 Napoleon Hill has the quote : You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself.
4936 Richard Bach has the quote : Learning is finding out what you already know.
4937 Margaret Runbeck has the quote : Silences make the real conversations between friends. Not the saying but the never needing to say is what counts.
4938 David Jordan has the quote : Wisdom is knowing what to do next; Skill is knowing how ot do it, and Virtue is doing it.
4939 Epictetus has the quote : We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak.
4940 David Eddings has the quote : No day in which you learn something is a complete loss.
4941 V. Naipaul has the quote : The world is always in movement.
4942 Joseph Joubert has the quote : He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.
4943 Pema Chodron has the quote : The future is completely open, and we are writing it moment to moment.
4944 Pema Chodron has the quote : Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know.
4945 unknown has the quote : A good teacher is like a candle  it consumes itself to light the way for others.
4946 Lisa Alther has the quote : Thats the risk you take if you change: that people you've been involved with won't like the new you. But other people who do will come along.
4947 Lao Tzu has the quote : Music in the soul can be heard by the universe.
4948 Bruce Lee has the quote : To hell with circumstances; I create opportunities.
4949 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Everything in the universe goes by indirection. There are no straight lines.
4950 Elbert Hubbard has the quote : A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success.
4951 Eleanor Roosevelt has the quote : No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
4952 Ralph Emerson has the quote : The only way to have a friend is to be one.
4953 Jane Addams has the quote : Our doubts are traitors and make us lose the good we often might win, by fearing to attempt.
4954 Dalai Lama has the quote : Compassion and happiness are not a sign of weakness but a sign of strength.
4955 Henry Miller has the quote : The moment one gives close attention to anything, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself.
4956 Jean Lacordaire has the quote : We are the leaves of one branch, the drops of one sea, the flowers of one garden.
4957 Gordon Hinckley has the quote : Our lives are the only meaningful expression of what we believe and in Whom we believe. And the only real wealth, for any of us, lies in our faith.
4958 John Lubbock has the quote : What we see depends mainly on what we look for.
4959 Benjamin Franklin has the quote : Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other.
4960 Confucius has the quote : It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
4961 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Passion creates the desire for more and action fuelled by passion creates a future.
4962 Richard Bach has the quote : You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it come true. You may have to work for it, however.
4963 Kahlil Gibran has the quote : A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle.
4964 Louis Pasteur has the quote : Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity
4965 Kahlil Gibran has the quote : Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart.
4966 Isaac Asimov has the quote : A subtle thought that is in error may yet give rise to fruitful inquiry that can establish truths of great value.
4967 Frank Crane has the quote : You may be deceived if you trust too much, but you will live in torment if you don't trust enough.
4968 Dalai Lama has the quote : It is difficult to achieve a spirit of genuine cooperation as long as people remain indifferent to the feelings and happiness of others.
4969 Richard Bach has the quote : Every problem has a gift for you in its hands.
4970 Calvin Coolidge has the quote : I have never been hurt by anything I didn't say.
4971 Confucius has the quote : The Superior Man is aware of Righteousness, the inferior man is aware of advantage.
4972 Epictetus has the quote : Nature gave us one tongue and two ears so we could hear twice as much as we speak.
4973 Ben Stein has the quote : The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: decide what you want.
4974 unknown has the quote : Why compare yourself with others? No one in the entire world can do a better job of being you than you.
4975 Helen Keller has the quote : Keep yourself to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadow.
4976 George Patton has the quote : If a man does his best, what else is there?
4977 Confucius has the quote : When you meet someone better than yourself, turn your thoughts to becoming his equal. When you meet someone not as good as you are, look within and examine your own self.
4978 Albert Schweitzer has the quote : Wherever a man turns he can find someone who needs him.
4979 Thich Nhat Hanh has the quote : Smile, breathe and go slowly.
4980 Maureen Dowd has the quote : The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for.
4981 Dorothy Thompson has the quote : Only when we are no longer afraid do we begin to live.
4982 Buddha has the quote : To keep the body in good health is a duty... otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.
4983 Henry Van Dyke has the quote : Be glad of life because it gives you the chance to love, to work, to play, and to look up at the stars.
4984 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action.
4985 Theodore H. White has the quote : To go against the dominant thinking of your friends, of most of the people you see every day, is perhaps the most difficult act of heroism you can perform.
4986 Rabbi Hillel has the quote : If I am not for myself, who will be for me? If I am not for others, what am I? And if not now, when?
4987 William James has the quote : Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
4988 Alfred Tennyson has the quote : The happiness of a man in this life does not consist in the absence but in the mastery of his passions.
4989 Oscar Wilde has the quote : The aim of life is self-development. To realize ones nature perfectly  that is what each of us is here for.
4990 Ella Fitzgerald has the quote : It isn't where you come from, it's where you're going that counts.
4991 Napoleon Hill has the quote : If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.
4992 Rene Descartes has the quote : Divide each difficulty into as many parts as is feasible and necessary to resolve it.
4993 Mark Twain has the quote : When in doubt, tell the truth.
4994 Lazurus Long has the quote : Great is the art of beginning, but greater is the art of ending.
4995 Henry J. Kaiser has the quote : Trouble is only opportunity in work clothes.
4996 Pat Riley has the quote : Courage is not the absence of fear, but simply moving on with dignity despite that fear.
4997 Bruce Lee has the quote : Take things as they are. Punch when you have to punch. Kick when you have to kick.
4998 Walter Linn has the quote : It is surprising what a man can do when he has to, and how little most men will do when they don't have to.
4999 Denis Waitley has the quote : You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler.
5000 Bernice Reagon has the quote : Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyse you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are.
5001 Mike Ditka has the quote : You're never a loser until you quit trying.
5002 Napoleon Bonaparte has the quote : If you want a thing done well, do it yourself.
5003 Edna Millay has the quote : I am glad that I paid so little attention to good advice; had I abided by it I might have been saved from some of my most valuable mistakes.
5004 Albert Einstein has the quote : Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
5005 Voltaire has the quote : Think for yourselves and let others enjoy the privilege to do so too.
5006 Franklin D. Roosevelt has the quote : It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something.
5007 Melody Beattie has the quote : Gratitude makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow.
5008 Buddha has the quote : Your worst enemy cannot harm you as much as your own unguarded thoughts.
5009 Virgil has the quote : They can do all because they think they can.
5010 Maya Lin has the quote : To fly, we have to have resistance.
5011 Amy Bloom has the quote : Love at first sight is easy to understand; its when two people have been looking at each other for a lifetime that it becomes a miracle.
5012 unknown has the quote : As the rest of the world is walking out the door, your best friends are the ones walking in.
5013 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Into each life rain must fall but rain can be the giver of life and it is all in your attitude that makes rain produce sunshine.
5014 Confucius has the quote : I am not bothered by the fact that I am unknown. I am bothered when I do not know others.
5015 Vaclav Havel has the quote : Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed.
5016 Chinese proverb has the quote : If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape one hundred days of sorrow.
5017 Arthur Conan Doyle has the quote : Whenever you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
5018 Cheng Yen has the quote : Happiness does not come from having much, but from being attached to little.
5019 Abraham Lincoln has the quote : When you have got an elephant by the hind legs and he is trying to run away, it's best to let him run.
5020 Ralph Emerson has the quote : The years teach much which the days never know.
5021 Thich Nhat Hanh has the quote : The amount of happiness that you have depends on the amount of freedom you have in your heart.
5022 Aldous Huxley has the quote : There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
5023 Lao Tzu has the quote : At the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want.
5024 Denis Waitley has the quote : There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them.
5025 Thornton Wilder has the quote : We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures.
5026 Antoine de Saint-Exupery has the quote : I know but one freedom and that is the freedom of the mind.
5027 Publilius Syrus has the quote : A rolling stone gathers no moss.
5028 Lisa Alther has the quote : Thats the risk you take if you change: that people you've been involved with won't like the new you. But other people who do will come along.
5029 Desiderius Erasmus has the quote : The fox has many tricks. The hedgehog has but one. But that is the best of all.
5030 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : To give hope to someone occurs when you teach them how to use the tools to do it for themselves.
5031 Voltaire has the quote : To enjoy life, we must touch much of it lightly.
5032 Marsha Petrie Sue has the quote : Stay away from what might have been and look at what will be.
5033 Cadet Maxim has the quote : Risk more than others think is safe. Care more than others think is wise. Dream more than others think is practical.Expect more than others think is possible.
5034 Daisaku Ikeda has the quote : The person who lives life fully, glowing with life's energy, is the person who lives a successful life.
5035 Mahatma Gandhi has the quote : We must become the change we want to see.
5036 Richard Garriott has the quote : Chaos and Order are not enemies, only opposites.
5037 Ovid has the quote : Let your hook always be cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish.
5038 Lao Tzu has the quote : Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing.
5039 Charles DeLint has the quote : The road leading to a goal does not separate you from the destination; it is essentially a part of it.
5040 Og Mandino has the quote : Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
5041 Confucius has the quote : Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
5042 Seneca has the quote : If one does not know to which port is sailing, no wind is favorable.
5043 Albert Einstein has the quote : Try not to become a man of success but rather try to become a man of value.
5044 Albert Einstein has the quote : Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
5045 Lao Tzu has the quote : At the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want.
5046 Sydney Smith has the quote : It is the greatest of all mistakes to do nothing because you can only do little  do what you can.
5047 Barbara De Angelis has the quote : We need to find the courage to say NO to the things and people that are not serving us if we want to rediscover ourselves and live our lives with authenticity.
5048 Ralph Waldo Emerson has the quote : Our strength grows out of our weaknesses.
5049 unknown has the quote : It's not who you are that holds you back, it's who you think you're not.
5050 Vaclav Havel has the quote : Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed.
5051 Confucius has the quote : To study and not think is a waste. To think and not study is dangerous.
5052 Napoleon Hill has the quote : The world has the habit of making room for the man whose actions show that he knows where he is going.
5053 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Simply put, you believer that things or people make you unhappy, but this is not accurate. You make yourself unhappy.
5054 Albert Einstein has the quote : Peace cannot be kept by force. It can only be achieved by understanding.
5055 Lewis B. Smedes has the quote : To forgive is to set a prisoner free and realize that prisoner was you.
5056 Confucius has the quote : They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom.
5057 Jean Lacordaire has the quote : We are the leaves of one branch, the drops of one sea, the flowers of one garden.
5058 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : If you cannot be silent be brilliant and thoughtful.
5059 Tony Robbins has the quote : The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment.
5060 unknown has the quote : Why worry about tomorrow, when today is all we have?
5061 Gloria Steinem has the quote : If the shoe doesn't fit, must we change the foot?
5062 John Lennon has the quote : Love is the flower you've got to let grow.
5063 Carl Jung has the quote : Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.
5064 Leonardo da Vinci has the quote : He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind.
5065 Bruce Lee has the quote : Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it.
5066 Gail Sheehy has the quote : To be tested is good. The challenged life may be the best therapist.
5067 Thomas Edison has the quote : If we did the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves.
5068 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Our intention creates our reality.
5069 Confucius has the quote : The superior man is satisfied and composed; the mean man is always full of distress.
5070 Robert Fulghum has the quote : Peace is not something you wish for. It's something you make, something you do, something you are, and something you give away.
5071 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : Look back over the past, with its changing empires that rose and fell, and you can foresee the future, too.
5072 Lao Tzu has the quote : If you correct your mind, the rest of your life will fall into place.
5073 Catherine Pulsifer has the quote : Our ability to achieve happiness and success depends on the strength of our wings.
5074 unknown has the quote : Don't fear failure so much that you refuse to try new things. The saddest summary of life contains three descriptions: could have, might have, and should have.
5075 Bruce Lee has the quote : Take no thought of who is right or wrong or who is better than. Be not for or against.
5076 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : The greatest good you can do for another is not just to share your riches but to reveal to him his own.
5077 Moliere has the quote : It is not only for what we do that we are held responsible, but also for what we do not do.
5078 Yogi Berra has the quote : Life is a learning experience, only if you learn.
5079 John Adams has the quote : Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish.
5080 Aristotle has the quote : It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
5081 Denis Waitley has the quote : There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them.
5082 unknown has the quote : Why compare yourself with others? No one in the entire world can do a better job of being you than you.
5083 John Wooden has the quote : Never mistake activity for achievement.
5084 William Menninger has the quote : Six essential qualities that are the key to success: Sincerity, personal integrity, humility, courtesy, wisdom, charity.
5085 Elizabeth Montagu has the quote : I endeavour to be wise when I cannot be merry, easy when I cannot be glad, content with what cannot be mended and patient when there is no redress.
5086 Rodin has the quote : Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely.
5087 Albert Einstein has the quote : The only real valuable thing is intuition.
5088 Voltaire has the quote : We never live; we are always in the expectation of living.
5089 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Go put your creed into the deed. Nor speak with double tongue.
5090 George Orwell has the quote : Myths which are believed in tend to become true.
5091 Lucille Ball has the quote : Id rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not done.
5092 Leonardo da Vinci has the quote : Iron rusts from disuse; water loses its purity from stagnation... even so does inaction sap the vigour of the mind.
5093 Napoleon Hill has the quote : You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself.
5094 John Berry has the quote : The bird of paradise alights only upon the hand that does not grasp.
5095 Matt Zotti has the quote : Live through feeling and you will live through love. For feeling is the language of the soul, and feeling is truth.
5096 Mark Twain has the quote : A thing long expected takes the form of the unexpected when at last it comes.
5097 Forrest Church has the quote : Do what you can. Want what you have. Be who you are.
5098 Colette has the quote : I love my past. I love my present. Im not ashamed of what Ive had, and Im not sad because I have it no longer.
5099 Harold Nicolson has the quote : We are all inclined to judge ourselves by our ideals; others, by their acts.
5100 Elbert Hubbard has the quote : A failure is a man who has blundered but is not capable of cashing in on the experience.
5101 Barack Obama has the quote : If you're walking down the right path and you're willing to keep walking, eventually you'll make progress.
5102 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Maxim for life: You get treated in life the way you teach people to treat you.
5103 Charles A. Lindbergh has the quote : Life a culmination of the past, an awareness of the present, an indication of the future beyond knowledge, the quality that gives a touch of divinity to matter.
5104 Hannah More has the quote : Obstacles are those things you see when you take your eyes off the goal.
5105 Bernard Shaw has the quote : A life spent making mistakes is not only more honourable but more useful than a life spent in doing nothing.
5106 George Santayan has the quote : Those who cannot learn from history are doomed to repeat it.
5107 Thomas Carlyle has the quote : This world, after all our science and sciences, is still a miracle; wonderful, inscrutable, magical and more, to whosoever will think of it.
5108 unknown has the quote : It is better to take many small steps in the right direction than to make a great leap forward only to stumble backward.
5109 Daisaku Ikeda has the quote : True happiness means forging a strong spirit that is undefeated, no matter how trying our circumstances.
5110 Napoleon Hill has the quote : You give before you get.
5111 Napoleon Hill has the quote : The world has the habit of making room for the man whose actions show that he knows where he is going.
5112 William Shakespeare has the quote : We know what we are, but know not what we may be.
5113 Confucius has the quote : The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions.
5114 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : You can't trust without risk but neither can you live in a cocoon.
5115 Edward Ericson has the quote : The cosmos is neither moral or immoral; only people are. He who would move the world must first move himself.
5116 Chinese proverb has the quote : If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape one hundred days of sorrow.
5117 Eckhart Tolle has the quote : You do not become good by trying to be good, but by finding the goodness that is already within you.
5118 Richard Bach has the quote : Can miles truly separate you from friends... If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there?
5119 Thich Nhat Hanh has the quote : Smile, breathe and go slowly.
5120 Theophrastus has the quote : Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend.
5121 unknown has the quote : You may only be someone in the world, but to someone else, you may be the world.
5122 Carl Jung has the quote : The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it.
5123 Rumi has the quote : Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love.
5124 Saint Augustine has the quote : Patience is the companion of wisdom.
5125 Henry Thoreau has the quote : Things do not change, we change.
5126 Mother Teresa has the quote : Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing.
5127 Sai Baba has the quote : What is new in the world? Nothing. What is old in the world? Nothing. Everything has always been and will always be.
5128 Oprah Winfrey has the quote : Don't settle for a relationship that won't let you be yourself.
5129 Carl Jung has the quote : It all depends on how we look at things, and not how they are in themselves.
5130 Marcus Aurelius has the quote : He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the universe.
5131 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Do not waste yourself in rejection, nor bark against the bad, but chant the beauty of the good.
5132 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : Treat people as if they were what they ought to be and you help them to become what they are capable of being.
5133 Hannah More has the quote : It is not so important to know everything as to appreciate what we learn.
5134 Japanese proverb has the quote : The day you decide to do it is your lucky day.
5135 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Wishes can be your best avenue of getting what you want when you turn wishes into action. Action moves your wish to the forefront from thought to reality.
5136 Dalai Lama has the quote : More often than not, anger is actually an indication of weakness rather than of strength.
5137 Theodore Roosevelt has the quote : Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground.
5138 Maya Angelou has the quote : Nothing will work unless you do.
5139 John Quincy Adams has the quote : If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
5140 Buddha has the quote : Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace.
5141 Edna Millay has the quote : I am glad that I paid so little attention to good advice; had I abided by it I might have been saved from some of my most valuable mistakes.
5142 unknown has the quote : Never be afraid to try, remember... Amateurs built the ark, Professionals built the Titanic.
5143 Buckminster Fuller has the quote : There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly.
5144 Frank Tyger has the quote : Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble.
5145 Epictetus has the quote : We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak.
5146 Mark Twain has the quote : Happiness is a Swedish sunset  it is there for all, but most of us look the other way and lose it.
5147 John Junor has the quote : An ounce of emotion is equal to a ton of facts.
5148 Arthur Conan Doyle has the quote : Whenever you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
5149 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Simply put, you believer that things or people make you unhappy, but this is not accurate. You make yourself unhappy.
5150 Frederick Douglass has the quote : I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and to incur my own abhorrence.
5151 Richard Bach has the quote : Argue for your limitations, and sure enough theyre yours.
5152 unknown has the quote : A good teacher is like a candle  it consumes itself to light the way for others.
5153 Jonathan Kozol has the quote : Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win.
5154 Ralph Waldo Emerson has the quote : Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself.
5155 Thornton Wilder has the quote : My advice to you is not to inquire why or whither, but just enjoy your ice cream while its on your plate  that's my philosophy.
5156 Sigmund Freud has the quote : The most complicated achievements of thought are possible without the assistance of consciousness.
5157 Ella Wilcox has the quote : The truest greatness lies in being kind, the truest wisdom in a happy mind.
5158 Albert Einstein has the quote : Setting an example is not the main means of influencing another, it is the only means.
5159 Tomas Eliot has the quote : Do not expect the world to look bright, if you habitually wear gray-brown glasses.
5160 Napoleon Hill has the quote : The ladder of success is never crowded at the top.
5161 Benjamin Spock has the quote : Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.
5162 Kenji Miyazawa has the quote : We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey.
5163 Denis Waitley has the quote : There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept responsibility for changing them.
5164 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Many people think of prosperity that concerns money only to forget that true prosperity is of the mind.
5165 Lao Tzu has the quote : When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you.
5166 Napoleon Hill has the quote : A goal is a dream with a deadline.
5167 Abraham Lincoln has the quote : Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe.
5168 unknown has the quote : If we are facing in the right direction, all we have to do is keep on walking.
5169 Jason Fried has the quote : No is easier to do. Yes is easier to say.
5170 Theodore Roosevelt has the quote : Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground.
5171 Dalai Lama has the quote : More often than not, anger is actually an indication of weakness rather than of strength.
5172 Tony Robbins has the quote : People are not lazy. They simply have impotent goals  that is, goals that do not inspire them.
5173 Daisaku Ikeda has the quote : True happiness means forging a strong spirit that is undefeated, no matter how trying our circumstances.
5174 John Lennon has the quote : Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
5175 unknown has the quote : When you lose, don't lose the lesson.
5176 Eleanor Roosevelt has the quote : I think somehow we learn who we really are and then live with that decision.
5177 Jimmy Dean has the quote : I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
5178 Mahatma Gandhi has the quote : It is the quality of our work which will please God, not the quantity.
5179 Henry David Thoreau has the quote : If one advances confidently in the direction of his dream, and endeavours to live the life which he had imagines, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.
5180 unknown has the quote : Never miss an opportunity to make others happy, even if you have to leave them alone in order to do it.
5181 Oliver Holmes has the quote : What lies behind us and what lies before us are small matters compared to what lies within us.
5182 Napoleon Bonaparte has the quote : Victory belongs to the most persevering.
5183 Buddha has the quote : Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace.
5184 Haynes Bayly has the quote : Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
5185 Anne Bronte has the quote : All our talents increase in the using, and the every faculty, both good and bad, strengthen by exercise.
5186 Jean Lacordaire has the quote : We are the leaves of one branch, the drops of one sea, the flowers of one garden.
5187 Benjamin Franklin has the quote : Watch the little things; a small leak will sink a great ship.
5188 Wayne Dyer has the quote : We are Divine enough to ask and we are important enough to receive.
5189 Virgil has the quote : They can do all because they think they can.
5190 Ralph Marston has the quote : Let go of your attachment to being right, and suddenly your mind is more open. You're able to benefit from the unique viewpoints of others, without being crippled by your own judgement.
5191 Bernice Reagon has the quote : Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyse you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are.
5192 Mother Teresa has the quote : Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
5193 Maya Angelou has the quote : I believe that every person is born with talent.
5194 Lao Tzu has the quote : The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
5195 William White has the quote : I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today.
5196 Julie Morgenstern has the quote : Some people thrive on huge, dramatic change. Some people prefer the slow and steady route. Do what's right for you.
5197 unknown has the quote : Count your joys instead of your woes. Count your friends instead of your foes.
5198 Coco Chanel has the quote : There are people who have money and people who are rich.
5199 Julie Morgenstern has the quote : Some people thrive on huge, dramatic change. Some people prefer the slow and steady route. Do what's right for you.
5200 Carl Jung has the quote : Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding about ourselves.
5201 Pema Chodron has the quote : It isn't what happens to us that causes us to suffer; it's what we say to ourselves about what happens.
5202 Margaret Sangster has the quote : Self-complacency is fatal to progress.
5203 Socrates has the quote : The greatest way to live with honour in this world is to be what we pretend to be.
5204 unknown has the quote : A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.
5205 Robert Fulghum has the quote : If you break your neck, if you have nothing to eat, if your house is on fire, then you got a problem. Everything else is inconvenience.
5206 William Shakespeare has the quote : It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves.
5207 Bruce Lee has the quote : Take no thought of who is right or wrong or who is better than. Be not for or against.
5208 Walt Disney has the quote : Weve got to have a dream if we are going to make a dream come true.
5209 Murray Gell-Mann has the quote : Think how hard physics would be if particles could think.
5210 Mark Twain has the quote : To get the full value of joy you must have someone to divide it with.
5211 Michael Jordan has the quote : If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome.
5212 Tom Jackson has the quote : Sometimes the cards we are dealt are not always fair. However you must keep smiling and moving on.
5213 Sigmund Freud has the quote : From error to error one discovers the entire truth.
5214 Epictetus has the quote : Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens.
5215 Franklin Roosevelt has the quote : The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
5216 Mahatma Gandhi has the quote : We must become the change we want to see.
5217 Mother Teresa has the quote : Peace begins with a smile.
5218 Charles A. Lindbergh has the quote : Life a culmination of the past, an awareness of the present, an indication of the future beyond knowledge, the quality that gives a touch of divinity to matter.
5219 Confucius has the quote : The more you know yourself, the more you forgive yourself.
5220 Alfred Whitehead has the quote : The art of progress is to preserve order amid change, and to preserve change amid order.
5221 Plutarch has the quote : To make no mistakes is not in the power of man; but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future.
5222 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : You can be what you want to be. You have the power within and we will help you always.
5223 Tryon Edwards has the quote : He that never changes his opinions, never corrects his mistakes, and will never be wiser on the morrow than he is today.
5224 Confucius has the quote : I am not bothered by the fact that I am unknown. I am bothered when I do not know others.
5225 Abraham Lincoln has the quote : A house divided against itself cannot stand.
5226 J. Willard Marriott has the quote : Good timber does not grow with ease; the stronger the wind, the stronger the trees.
5227 Buddha has the quote : What you are is what you have been. What youll be is what you do now.
5228 Eckhart Tolle has the quote : You do not become good by trying to be good, but by finding the goodness that is already within you.
5229 Mark Twain has the quote : When in doubt, tell the truth.
5230 Buddha has the quote : You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
5231 Dalai Lama has the quote : Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
5232 Robert Brault has the quote : Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things.
5233 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : Kindness is the golden chain by which society is bound together.
5234 unknown has the quote : Worry gives a small thing a big shadow.
5235 Lao Tzu has the quote : He who conquers others is strong; He who conquers himself is mighty.
5236 Oliver Holmes has the quote : A man may fulfil the object of his existence by asking a question he cannot answer, and attempting a task he cannot achieve.
5237 Catherine Pulsifer has the quote : You can adopt the attitude there is nothing you can do, or you can see the challenge as your call to action.
5238 Chuang Tzu has the quote : Flow with whatever is happening and let your mind be free. Stay centred by accepting whatever you are doing. This is the ultimate.
5239 Hasidic saying has the quote : Everyone should carefully observe which way his heart draws him, and then choose that way with all his strength.
5240 Thomas Edison has the quote : Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
5241 Andy Warhol has the quote : They say that time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.
5242 Louis Pasteur has the quote : Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity
5243 George Shaw has the quote : My reputation grows with every failure.
5244 Carl Jung has the quote : Without this playing with fantasy no creative work has ever yet come to birth. The debt we owe to the play of the imagination is incalculable.
5245 Dalai Lama has the quote : Compassion and happiness are not a sign of weakness but a sign of strength.
5246 Turkish proverb has the quote : Kind words will unlock an iron door.
5247 Lao Tzu has the quote : To see things in the seed, that is genius.
5248 Publilius Syrus has the quote : I have often regretted my speech, never my silence.
5249 Maya Angelou has the quote : I believe that every person is born with talent.
5250 Paul Boese has the quote : Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future.
5251 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : Knowing is not enough; we must apply!
5252 Richard Bach has the quote : You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it come true. You may have to work for it, however.
5253 Margaret Smith has the quote : The right way is not always the popular and easy way. Standing for right when it is unpopular is a true test of moral character.
5254 Tony Robbins has the quote : Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers.
5255 Donald Kircher has the quote : A man of ability and the desire to accomplish something can do anything.
5256 Saint Augustine has the quote : Patience is the companion of wisdom.
5257 Aristotle has the quote : Those that know, do. Those that understand, teach.
5258 Ken S. Keyes has the quote : To be upset over what you don't have is to waste what you do have.
5259 Norman Peale has the quote : If you want things to be different, perhaps the answer is to become different yourself.
5260 Mahatma Gandhi has the quote : We must become the change we want to see.
5261 Hermann Hesse has the quote : If I know what love is, it is because of you.
5262 William Yeats has the quote : Think as a wise man but communicate in the language of the people.
5263 Francoise de Motteville has the quote : The true way to render ourselves happy is to love our work and find in it our pleasure.
5264 Robert Pirsig has the quote : The only Zen you find on the tops of mountains is the Zen you bring up there.
5265 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Don't wait. The time will never be just right.
5266 Richard Bach has the quote : In order to live free and happily you must sacrifice boredom. It is not always an easy sacrifice.
5267 Pema Chodron has the quote : The future is completely open, and we are writing it moment to moment.
5268 Chinese proverb has the quote : He who deliberates fully before taking a step will spend his entire life on one leg.
5269 Paavo Nurmi has the quote : Mind is everything: muscle, pieces of rubber. All that I am, I am because of my mind.
5270 William Shakespeare has the quote : All the world is a stage, And all the men and women merely players.They have their exits and entrances; Each man in his time plays many parts.
5271 Helen Keller has the quote : We could never learn to be brave and patient if there were only joy in the world.
5272 Margaret Mead has the quote : Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed people can change the world. Indeed. It is the only thing that ever has.
5273 Edwin Markham has the quote : We have committed the Golden Rule to memory; let us now commit it to life.
5274 Willa Cather has the quote : Where there is great love, there are always miracles.
5275 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : Patience is a virtue but you will never ever accomplish anything if you don't exercise action over patience.
5276 Tony Robbins has the quote : You always succeed in producing a result.
5277 Toni Morrison has the quote : If you surrender to the wind, you can ride it.
5278 Oscar Wilde has the quote : Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.
5279 Francis Bacon has the quote : A prudent question is one half of wisdom.
5280 Bodhidharma has the quote : All know the way; few actually walk it.
5281 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Truth, and goodness, and beauty are but different faces of the same all.
5282 unknown has the quote : Don't miss all the beautiful colors of the rainbow looking for that pot of gold.
5283 Lao Tzu has the quote : Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing.
5284 Margaret Wheatley has the quote : We know from science that nothing in the universe exists as an isolated or independent entity.
5285 Eckhart Tolle has the quote : You do not become good by trying to be good, but by finding the goodness that is already within you.
5286 Lao Tzu has the quote : By letting it go it all gets done. The world is won by those who let it go. But when you try and try. The world is beyond the winning.
5287 Thomas Fuller has the quote : An invincible determination can accomplish almost anything and in this lies the great distinction between great men and little men.
5288 Charles A. Lindbergh has the quote : Life a culmination of the past, an awareness of the present, an indication of the future beyond knowledge, the quality that gives a touch of divinity to matter.
5289 Margaret Fuller has the quote : If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it.
5290 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : What you fear is that which requires action to overcome.
5291 Jean de la Fontaine has the quote : Sadness flies away on the wings of time.
5292 Napoleon Hill has the quote : All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea.
5293 John Locke has the quote : I have always thought the actions of men the best interpreters of their thoughts.
5294 Sheldon Kopp has the quote : In the long run we get no more than we have been willing to risk giving.
5295 Oprah Winfrey has the quote : Follow your instincts. That is where true wisdom manifests itself.
5296 Napoleon Bonaparte has the quote : Imagination rules the world.
5297 Edward Gibbon has the quote : The winds and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators.
5298 Confucius has the quote : When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
5299 Dalai Lama has the quote : I believe that we are fundamentally the same and have the same basic potential.
5300 Buddha has the quote : Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth.
5301 unknown has the quote : A good rest is half the work.
5302 Arthur Schopenhauer has the quote : Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world.
5303 Albert Einstein has the quote : A man should look for what is, and not for what he thinks should be.
5304 Maya Angelou has the quote : I believe that every person is born with talent.
5305 Bertrand Russell has the quote : The happiness that is genuinely satisfying is accompanied by the fullest exercise of our faculties and the fullest realization of the world in which we live.
5306 Rene Descartes has the quote : It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well.
5307 Paul Cezanne has the quote : The awareness of our own strength makes us modest.
5308 Wayne Dyer has the quote : You are important enough to ask and you are blessed enough to receive back.
5309 Arthur Rubinstein has the quote : Of course there is no formula for success except perhaps an unconditional acceptance of life and what it brings.
5310 Frank Crane has the quote : You may be deceived if you trust too much, but you will live in torment if you don't trust enough.
5311 Plutarch has the quote : Know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly.
5312 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe has the quote : Mountains cannot be surmounted except by winding paths.
5313 Aristotle has the quote : If one way be better than another, that you may be sure is natures way.
5314 unknown has the quote : A beautiful thing is never perfect.
5315 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : To be thoughtful and kind only takes a few seconds compared to the timeless hurt caused by one rude gesture.
5316 unknown has the quote : Being right is highly overrated. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
5317 Walter Lippmann has the quote : Ideals are an imaginative understanding of that which is desirable in that which is possible.
5318 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Maxim for life: You get treated in life the way you teach people to treat you.
5319 Buddha has the quote : Your worst enemy cannot harm you as much as your own unguarded thoughts.
5320 Pablo Picasso has the quote : All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.
5321 Abraham Lincoln has the quote : I will prepare and some day my chance will come.
5322 Alan Watts has the quote : No valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.
5323 Buddha has the quote : He who experiences the unity of life sees his own Self in all beings, and all beings in his own Self, and looks on everything with an impartial eye.
5324 Napoleon Bonaparte has the quote : Victory belongs to the most persevering.
5325 Byron Pulsifer has the quote : To know your purpose is to live a life of direction, and in that direction is found peace and tranquillity.
5326 Confucius has the quote : To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
5327 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Here is one quality that one must possess to win, and that is definiteness of purpose, the knowledge of what one wants, and a burning desire to possess it.
5328 Tony Robbins has the quote : Using the power of decision gives you the capacity to get past any excuse to change any and every part of your life in an instant.
5329 Etty Hillesum has the quote : Sometimes the most important thing in a whole day is the rest we take between two deep breaths.
5330 Booker Washington has the quote : Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way.
5331 John Lubbock has the quote : What we see depends mainly on what we look for.
5332 Pearl Buck has the quote : The truth is always exciting. Speak it, then. Life is dull without it.
5333 Napoleon Hill has the quote : Don't wait. The time will never be just right.
5334 Ralph Emerson has the quote : Nature is a mutable cloud which is always and never the same.
5335 Swedish proverb has the quote : Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow.
5336 Felix Adler has the quote : The truth which has made us free will in the end make us glad also.
5337 unknown has the quote : Everyone smiles in the same language.
5338 Napoleon Bonaparte has the quote : Victory belongs to the most persevering.
5339 Blaise Pascal has the quote : We are all something, but none of us are everything.
5340 Brendan Francis has the quote : No yesterdays are ever wasted for those who give themselves to today.
5341 Richard Bach has the quote : Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.
5342 Seneca has the quote : Begin at once to live and count each separate day as a separate life.
5343 Leonardo da Vinci has the quote : Who sows virtue reaps honour.
5344 Mohandas Gandhi has the quote : Freedom is not worth having if it does not connote freedom to err.
5345 Confucius has the quote : Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
5346 Buddha has the quote : Every human being is the author of his own health or disease.
5347 William Shakespeare has the quote : Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
5348 Elizabeth Kenny has the quote : He who angers you conquers you.
5349 Thich Nhat Hanh has the quote : If we are not fully ourselves, truly in the present moment, we miss everything.
5350 Alexander Pope has the quote : Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame.
5351 Heraclitus has the quote : All is flux; nothing stays still.
5352 unknown has the quote : To get something you never had, you have to do something you never did.
5353 James Oppenheim has the quote : The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance, the wise grows it under his feet.
5354 Publilius Syrus has the quote : Better be ignorant of a matter than half know it.
5355 Oscar Wilde has the quote : Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.
5356 Robert M. Pirsig has the quote : The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands.
5357 H. W. Arnold has the quote : The worst bankrupt in the world is the person who has lost his enthusiasm.
5358 Ralph Emerson has the quote : The years teach much which the days never know.
5359 Benjamin Spock has the quote : Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.
5360 Mother Teresa has the quote : Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
5361 Rudolf Arnheim has the quote : All perceiving is also thinking, all reasoning is also intuition, all observation is also invention.
5362 Cervantes has the quote : Those who will play with cats must expect to be scratched.
5363 Rudolf Arnheim has the quote : All perceiving is also thinking, all reasoning is also intuition, all observation is also invention.
5364 Charles Swindoll has the quote : Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
5365 Winston Churchill has the quote : History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.
5366 Leonardo da Vinci has the quote : Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it.
5367 Jon Kabat-Zinn has the quote : You can't stop the waves, but you can learn to surf.
5368 Confucius has the quote : The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions.
5369 Mary Wollstonecraft has the quote : The beginning is always today.
5370 unknown has the quote : Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.
5371 Dalai Lama has the quote : If we have a positive mental attitude, then even when surrounded by hostility, we shall not lack inner peace.
5372 Henry Ward Beecher has the quote : Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures.
5373 James Faust has the quote : If you take each challenge one step at a time, with faith in every footstep, your strength and understanding will increase.
5374 Tryon Edwards has the quote : He that never changes his opinions, never corrects his mistakes, and will never be wiser on the morrow than he is today.
5375 Wayne Dyer has the quote : I cannot always control what goes on outside. But I can always control what goes on inside.
5376 Fannie Hamer has the quote : There is one thing you have got to learn about our movement. Three people are better than no people.
5377 Denis Waitley has the quote : There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them.
5378 G. K. Chesterton has the quote : I would maintain that thanks are the highest form of thought, and that gratitude is happiness doubled by wonder.
5379 Ed Cunningham has the quote : Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer.
5380 Thomas Jefferson has the quote : I'm a great believer in luck and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it.
5381 Eleanor Roosevelt has the quote : People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is built.
5382 Dalai Lama has the quote : If we have a positive mental attitude, then even when surrounded by hostility, we shall not lack inner peace.
5383 Sam Levenson has the quote : It's so simple to be wise. Just think of something stupid to say and then don't say it.
5384 Rene Descartes has the quote : The greatest minds are capable of the greatest vices as well as of the greatest virtues.
5385 Alphonse Karr has the quote : Some people are always grumbling because roses have thorns; I am thankful that thorns have roses.
5386 Lou Holtz has the quote : Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do.Attitude determines how well you do it.
5387 John Astin has the quote : There are things so deep and complex that only intuition can reach it in our stage of development as human beings.
5388 Elisabeth Kubler-Ross has the quote : I believe that we are solely responsible for our choices, and we have to accept the consequences of every deed, word, and thought throughout our lifetime.
5389 Dale Carnegie has the quote : Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
5390 Keshavan Nair has the quote : With courage you will dare to take risks, have the strength to be compassionate, and the wisdom to be humble. Courage is the foundation of integrity.
5391 Wayne Dyer has the quote : Anything you really want, you can attain, if you really go after it.
5392 Bruce Lee has the quote : To know oneself is to study oneself in action with another person.
5393 Chanakya has the quote : A man is great by deeds, not by birth.
5394 Richard Bach has the quote : Happiness is the reward we get for living to the highest right we know.
5395 Lao Tzu has the quote : He who obtains has little. He who scatters has much.
5396 unknown has the quote : All the flowers of all the tomorrows are in the seeds of today.
5397 unknown has the quote : You can do what's reasonable or you can decide what's possible.
5398 Sophocles has the quote : Wisdom is the supreme part of happiness.
5399 Walter Lippmann has the quote : Where all think alike, no one thinks very much.
5400 Robert Kennedy has the quote : Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
5401 Publilius Syrus has the quote : I have often regretted my speech, never my silence.
5402 Epictetus has the quote : If you wish to be a writer, write.
5403 Abraham Maslow has the quote : What is necessary to change a person is to change his awareness of himself.
5404 Lao Tzu has the quote : If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading.
5405 Michael Korda has the quote : To succeed, we must first believe that we can.
5406 Donald Trump has the quote : Everything in life is luck.
5407 Lao Tzu has the quote : He who knows himself is enlightened.
5408 Fran Watson has the quote : As we risk ourselves, we grow. Each new experience is a risk.
5409 Plutarch has the quote : What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
5410 Danilo Dolci has the quote : It's important to know that words don't move mountains. Work, exacting work moves mountains.
5411 Franklin Roosevelt has the quote : When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.
5412 Antoine de Saint-Exupery has the quote : I know but one freedom and that is the freedom of the mind.
5413 unknown has the quote : Invent your world. Surround yourself with people, color, sounds, and work that nourish you.
5414 Benjamin Spock has the quote : Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.
5415 Winston Churchill has the quote : I never worry about action, but only inaction.
5416 Wit has the quote : We choose our destiny in the way we treat others.
5417 Buddha has the quote : In separateness lies the world's great misery, in compassion lies the world's true strength.
5418 Benjamin Disraeli has the quote : The secret of success is constancy to purpose.
5419 Augustinus Sanctus has the quote : The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.
5420 Liberace has the quote : Nobody will believe in you unless you believe in yourself.
5421 Joyce Brothers has the quote : Trust your hunches. They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level.
